---
date: '2001-10-15T20:48:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 10-15-01
tags: []
title: 10/15/01
---

sorry for not posting. i've been busy. i went to the mall saturday after i finally got woken up. i went with collin, matt, & alex. these guys are the sweetest. i love being with them ;) but we chilled there for a couple hours. we got dippin' dots. those things are off the hook, i love em'. but the guys only went because this chick was workin there who they think is hott. i think she's ugly, and i know she's a slut because she goes to my school. oh well. anyway, yeah we walked around and i saw lots of people i knew~ i felt special ;) but my dad and christine picked me up, and took me back to their house. i went to ry~ry's house that night too. we went to the movies at about 7. we saw a few people we knew so we talked to them for a lil while, and then we went inside at 7:15 to see the others. that movie was freakin' awesome. i know a lot of people didn't like it. but i love scary movies. those are the only kinds of movies i actually watch without getting bored. unless its like a really really really funny movie, or a really really really sad one. thats about it. but yeah i liked this movie. other people seemed to hate it! oh well. =/ yeah ryan screamed in the middle of the movie. lol it was funny though, she was like "OH MY GOD" when this lady opened the cabinet door that the little kids were hiding in, and all these people started laughing at her for screaming. lol aw poor ry~ry. anyway, yeah she smashed my head against hers not to mention when she screamed. that uh hurt! but the movie was good overall. and we crushed our nachos =X ha. yeah and see i spent the nite and we went through the whole dilemma between her and her boyfriend, err ex boyfriend. but they're gonna hook back up. so she was crying, he was upset, and then he ended up calling at 1 AM to say i love you. aww how sweet, but she woke me up b/c she sat on my freakin foot! lol. ugh. yeah we went to bed at like 1:30.. woke up sometime before 10. and then we got dressed n stuff, had a huge breakfast...then her mom drove us to my dads house again. we chilled there til 4:20. we watched frequency that was the 2nd time i'd seen that movie. i love that movie ;) it's so sweet. but yeah we watched that and listened to music and just acted retarded. then my mom picked us up. we went to my house, and then ryry tried on all these shirts i was gonna get rid of. she loves my clothes. ha. weird peoples.

well, today was interesting. i woke up and got ready for school. i didn't know what to wear, and i don't think i matched all that well =/ that sucks. but yeah anyways, i had a pretty good day at school. i talked to the freshmen dudes again. they're all awesome ;) i love em to death! and i got to see all my buddies i didn't see this weekend. i got 100 on my essay i wrote for honors seminar 2~ fun stuff!! not. but i was so happy! because other people didn't do good. i was so happy- i never get 100's on big stuff like that~ esp. in seminar! that made my morning. comp. sci. was awesome because my programs were exactly like the teacher wanted them. spanish was boring. as usual. it's so easy. and then math was fun because we're learning "more advanced ways to factor".. it's so freakin easy, but theres like 3 more ways that you don't do in algebra 1 and geometry so it was kinda cool. yeah i'm a d0rk =/ this afternoon was err, not so great. i get home. everythings fine. justin comes over, and we're sittin on the front porch chillin. my mom comes out and i tell her to go back inside. justin n i are actually having a serious convo and she's gonna bust into it. so then she gets pissed and decides, she won't drive me to gymnastics practice. well, i'm not too upset about that, but i did wanna go today. instead, i go upstairs w/justin and check my e-mail real quick. justin has to leave to go find his bookbag. my mom yells at me once again, and we get in a bitching contest. i hate those. they're so annoying. yeah so i left the house. i went to find justin, joe, and luke. i found them they were ridin towards my house on their bikes anyways. it's about 4:15 right when i catch up with them. we all walked to the construction site where theres huge dirt piles and hills n stuff. they rode their bikes and messed around on those big bull-dozer things. lol. we got really dirty with that mud and crap. oh well. we didn't care we were having fun. so we're all runnin around. i've got boots and a semi-nice shirt on. i didn't do a lot of playin in the dirt. but i ran around and acted retarded a fair share of the time. we got bored after like 2 hours. i love these guys. they're the sweetest freakin guys in the world. and yeah i still really like joe. but hmm. anyway! =D theres this huge tree house. it's like 30 or 40 feet in the air. but it can't hold a lot. justin and joe are already up there.. i'm short so i'm trying to get up there. WITH boots on. that takes skill people! for real! ;) so i get a little over halfway up when joe decides he wants to come down! grr.. so we all come down. but i took justin's bike. =D and i'm ridin around and i left him. haha i'm so mean. not really. i gave it back =X hmm yeah we walked the long way home. joe kept huggin me~ aww, i love this guy. but we went to justins. i had to go home for dinner, which i was largely not looking forward to! i left, got a buncha hugs. walked to my house, almost got in a fight with this freshmen dickhead for saying things that i don't want to... UGH i hate that boy. i really don't even know him, but i still hate his guts. he's so annoying yeah anyway, i got home. ate dinner. and thats about it. hahahahaha plug of the WEEK!!! click here. it's freakin awesome. =) later