---
date: '2001-10-11T12:16:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 10-11-01
tags: []
title: 10/11/01
---

mannnn. today is gonna be well, idk. my dad and stepmom are at work, and my dad will be in a meeting all day. so if i ever get my lazy @$$ ready for the day, then i don't know if i'll be able to do anything. unless i call my stepmom and she says its str8. but the only thing i could do basically would go to matts soccer game with collin and i think alex. theres no way my dad or stepmom would lemme ride with matt. lol he just got his license so yeah. but anyway, idk. i'll probably end up doin something with either katie or ry~ry. 2 of the most awesome chickas in the world! actually, i wanna go to the movies... idk what's playing though so i'll go look it up later. i don't feel like it right now =/ i've been listenin to mxpx and linkin park all morning. i'm freaking in love with my december. i had it downloaded a few months ago and never liked it =X and then i listened to it again the other day and ahhhh it's awesome ;) i'm so weird. but yeah we'll all live. well, for the record i think i failed my Siddhartha test. bleh. that book was the worstest most boringest book i've ever read. lol. and the test was retarded. even people that liked the book didn't do good. but i didn't really try. i'm just gonna do really good next quarter! yeah we get today and tomorrow off from school since it's the end of the quarter. YEA BABY! eh, sorry. but i'm so sick of school. i like some of my classes. but a lot of people at school are startin to piss me off like theres one group of senior guys who makes a wholehearted effort to bug the crap out of me. ugh. all they do when i walk by is stare at me and then turn and say somethin to eachother, and then turn back around, stare back.. and start talkin bout my boobs. how gay is that? i'm gonna get the rest of the seniors, who by the way are my friends, unlike them!! =D they're gonna get it because next time they say somethin to my face again i'm gonna haul off and slap em. you just watch.