---
date: '2001-10-16T18:30:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 10-16-01
tags: []
title: 10/16/01
---

today was so freakin' awesome. except for the PSAT's. lol.. those were really boring. but it was actually pretty easy. i know i didn't get 1600 but i think i actually did really good. like way better than last year. if i got 1180 before i think i might've done hella better than that! ;) heck yeah. but anyway, i didn't do anything all day in any of my classes basically except 6th and 7th. the psat's took up through 4th period. it was like 7:40 - 11!! how awesome is that?! hmm. and then i got off the bus this afternoon and i came home and checked my e-mail and stuff, and then i get a call~ and it's joe and luke and justin and they're sittin outside my house on their bikes lookin in my window. lol. they're so kickass its not even funny. i love these guys so much =X and they're so sweet to me. i don't deserve it. but i got lotsa hugs =) that made my day so much better! but we chilled downstairs in my basement while they played some pool. and then they like were fascinated by the garage door sensor thingy, that makes it go back up whenever somethin moves in front of it. yeah very interesting, but whatever. we walked to the end of my street and talked to the people who got off the middle school bus. joe was sittin there huggin me aww and then we went back to my house(we went back and forth a lot). then they went up to justins. oh yeah kyle showed up in the middle of all this. kyle's so sweet. lol. those 4 went to justins. i went home and changed 'cause it was just a lil bit cold! then i walked back to justins. we were in the driveway and they were playin basketball and throwin the football. they're hilarious~ it's never boring with these people i swear. you'll never quit laughing. lol. and then luke's mom came and picked em up, and i had to say byebye, but it's all good because hmm i'll see em again ;) ahhhh i love my friends! i've got a ton of guy friends, and then a handfull of really really close girl friends. and then i've got a bunch of girls at school who i talk to at lunch and whenever i see em'. now i gotta figure out why i get depressed every 2 days and i'll be straight. ugh!