---
date: '2001-10-25T21:01:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 10-25-01
tags: []
title: 10/25/01
---

well, the tailgate party wasn't so bad. actually it wasn't really a party we just had some food, which i didn't eat, and chilled. literally. it got kinda cold tonight!! but yeah. oh well. i walked around with bryan before i went to find the rest of the group. bryan's such a sweetie. i love that boy! and then i hadda leave him and go find the rest of the interact group. i got a ride from brent and his friend down to the soccer fields and we walked around and looked for everyone else. grace, a girl in one of my gymnastics classes, was there. her big bro plays on the jv team and she was at the concession stand with her cousin sellin stuff. lol they were wild as all. and then i saw some people on the reynolds team that i knew which was purdy cool =) people from hanes.. i miss hanes even tho i really didn't have a whole lot of fun there!! =( ahhh.. too many memories are comin back today. oh and joey was there too for some weird reason. he was one of the guys that went to australia w/me this summer and he was such a sweetheart. i really miss him and i saw him i was like awww! so that was cool that i got to see him. and i saw adam comes. he use to call me some uh, not good names last year. but he said hey to me i was like wow thats weird. and then jason and dimitri were there and they're cool except dimitri gets pissy whenever he smokes! ugh that's so annoying. lol. he's got some issues but we won't discuss that. most of the game i chilled w/another brian and daniel and steven. they're cool. notice there aren't any girls in there? well, thats because the girls at west, or a lot of the girls at west that go to the games are stuck up, snobby, mean, airhead girls. excuse me for sayin that but i am so SICK of seeing all these girls at west that act like they're better than everyone. they aren't any "higher". they're just there. another person to fill another seat in another classroom. ugh it's so annoying. no one else likes them either. haha it's pretty funny actually. they don't realize how disliked they are, but hey it's their loss. today was a pretty good day though. i haven't had a ton of those lately. lol... hmm... oh well. i'm out. just gotta finish a lil bit of homework! later