---
date: '2001-10-12T18:20:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 10-12-01-4
tags: []
title: 10/12/01
---

hah well last night was, err, interesting. katie came over yesterday afternoon and we chilled over here for a lil' while. we worked on sites and talked and downloaded a ton of songs, and listened to LINKIN PARK =) for some reason, chester bennington's voice puts me in a better mood. i don't know what it is; it only works with him and darren hayes! weird, huh? anyway, we got bored in the house, so we went on a walk... but yeah i don't know the way around my dad's neighborhood, so i uh took a shortcut and went thru some people's yards. we climbed over the fence to my dads house. i took the key and tried to open the backdoor, got it stuck. finally unstucked it. and then we had to go in the front door. that was scary, lol we thought we were locked out.. but we weren't! =) yeah and i realized i'd left my make-up in my dads car because i'm retarded. so when he got home he brought mcdonalds and my purse up from the car. i went and fixed my face =D and then my dad dropped katie and i off at wal-mart.. we were originally gonna go get some cool make-up, but we got stuck in the CD aisle. number 1 because the guy who was workin was hott, lol and then we found some really good cd's ;) this is so weird tho, stacey, another 1 of my online buddies, lives 15 minutes from me, and she goes to north and i know like a buncha people from there. my friends have even seen her.. lol and i still haven't met her. she was at the same freakin wal mart last nite, like within an hour that katie & i were there. i was like omg. thats not fair. i hafta meet her she's so sweet. but yeah she saw the guy in the CD place too and she said he was weird... he was weird! like me or katie would go to a different aisle and then he'd move, we'd move, he moved again... freaky stuff. we ended up getting 4 cds: tool, drowning pool, POD, and nickelback =) good stuff. we listened to that allll night. we chowed down on crap food and drank wayyyy too much pepsi. we talked til like 4:30 or 5 in the morning. talk about caffeine rush! i woke up somehow at 10 AM and got katie up. i beat her with a pillow. lol.. yeah but anyway, i'm still not tired. it's so freaky! but she left today at like 1130, maybe? or 12. i dont know what time exactly. that was our "exciting" day. lol