---
date: '2001-10-21T13:57:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 10-21-01
tags: []
title: 10/21/01
---

dude ok last night was weird. it was anything but boring... no joke. ok ryan came over yesterday at like 6:30 or so. we made rotini casserole and cookies for dinner since my mom was at a hockey game. we made good food! lol for once! anyway~ yeah while that was cookin, we went in the backyard and i was doin flips and stuff. we were bored b/c the food was takin' forever. and then we ate.. and then we went upstairs, and watched a charlie brown movie.. lol.. it was awesome! we're so cool. yeah so then we got back online to see who was on... wellll.. her ex lance was on.. and he started yellin at her because she didn't call him. she never said she would.. she said she'd try... and she didn't want to call him when she was here because she was here to see me, not talk to him all night. yeah that's what she said. so he got all pissy.. and the whole thing turned into a huge ordeal and i ended up yelling at him because i'm sick of seeing my best friend being treated like crap every 2 days. actually, probably more than that. he's got serious anger management problems and it's really really annoying. i hope he reads this =D lol.. probably not. he got pissed and had ryan's friend heather call at like 12... my mom wasn't home yet, thank God. i did \*69 and it was heather's phone.. she had hung up. then it rang like 2 more times, and i did \*69 again, and it was lance's phone. we were yeah really annoyed by this time... i was so close to calling and lettin' him have it OOOH i was SO mad yesterday. i haven't gotten that mad in a long time.. and then it rang like 3 more times and once was at 1:30 in the mornin.. we were still awake, but my mom wasn't!!! so she got mad at me! how gay is that. so yeah i'm really mad at lance for calling and being such a jerk and having the audacity to even think of calling and hanging up like 6 times.. especially at 1:30 in the morning.. ugh. that boy- ooh he pisses me off. i took the phone off for about an hour. that worked for a while. and then i turned it back off and so he never called back. woohoo! not. yeah needless to say, we were both mad.