---
date: '2001-10-17T23:18:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 10-17-01
tags: []
title: 10/17/01
---

omg. i was reading kat's latest post on her blog, and my God did she hit the nail on the head... kat trust me girl i've been there. all throughout my freshmen year in highschool did i experience that. i remember running to the bathroom in everyday, if not- then every other day, hopelessly looking for something sharp, for a way out of the endless harassment and agony, and the only way that came to mind was to cut.... to get rid of all the anger in me and have no cares at all. man, did my freshmen year suck... =( kat i love ya girl~

on a lighter note, today was pretty cool. school was, well, ok i guess. my mom picked me up for gymnastics after school. i froze waiting for her, because, well, basically i'm an idiot. lol.. a very cold one... i went to school this morning with one of those hooded sweatshirt jackets ya know? not realizing that my pants are huge on me.. i lost a few pounds actually and yeah they're way bigger... they're already 2 sizes too big =( oh well. they're cute so i still wear em. but see they don't have belt loops!!! so they started falling down when i was walking around at school. lol.. so i had to tie my jacket around my waist.. i was wearing a tank top... yeah.. i froze my ass off. it's all good though. i got a lot of hugs so that took part of the coldness out of it. ;D k well back to the gymnastics- katie came back! i was like YYYYAAAAYYY!!!!!!! =) katie's awesome. haha. yeah it was fun. we had our mats back and we got to act retarded again. woohoo! backhandsprings all the way! yeah that was corny but oh well. after gym i went shoppin'...we went to marshall's and i got 2 cute shirts- a tommy one and then a plain weird one. and then we went to elizabeth's pizza ... yummy ;) ... and then we went over to the mall.. i got 3 sweaters, and another shirt. fun stuff huh? they're all so cute!! and they fit PERFECT! ha! it's so awesome. we originally went shopping to get a bra but they didn't fit. =( oh well. so much for that idea. anyway, i get surgery tomorrow!!!! not cool!! on my mouth too yo! how much does that suck. i've never had surgery before so i'm like trippin' out. =/ i'm gonna get a lot of novocaine and some laughing gas... lol heck yeah.. oh i got my school pictures back! they SUCK!! ugh. no one ever likes school pictures it seems, and more and more i am reminded why i hate them as well. lol...hmph. i'll deal with a cheesy smile. at least i smiled this time. i don't look like i'm crying- but i look like a retard. haha. i knew that camera man was a freak.