---
date: '2001-10-27T18:40:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 10-27-01
tags: []
title: 10/27/01
---

oh yea...i forgot to mention getting my stitches out friday. my mom took me before school so i wouldn't miss too much at the beginning of the quarter. so like the lady calls me into the operating room. this is the same room i had the surgery in and yeah i didn't appreciate being in there again, but whatever. i sat down and she's like "what did we do last week?" ... i was like "you pulled a tooth and cut out the other one" or somethin like that. i can't member exactly what i said, but i was thinkin- this lady was one of the people actually DOING my surgery. kinda scary. and then she was like "oh, so you don't have stitches right?" and i'm like uhhh yeah that's the whole reason i'm here. otherwise i'd be at SCHOOL. and she's like "you don't have stitches. let me see" so i showed her and she's like "oh, well, those are stitches". no shit sherlock. do i look that stupid? and then she grabs these 2 metal thingys. i don't know what they were. i'm guessing they were the things you take stitches out with. they didn't look like scissors though so it was weird. and she starts jabbin at my mouth where i had the surgery... and it hurts... BADLY.. and i'm like tellin her this whole time to quit because she's hurtin me. it's not supposed to hurt THIS bad. i know that for sure. so she's like "well i've never done this before". i'm like OK LADY GET THOSE THINGS OUT OF MY MOUTH. i didn't say that but omg i was about to hurt her. she's supposed to be a dental assistant. not an oral surgeon. i was like ooookkk i wanna go home. so then the REAL dentist comes in and he's like all cranky so i just sat there. he takes the same 2 metal things and starts jabbin at my mouth. but at least i can tell he's actually taking the stitches out and NOT MY GUMS. man. so he gets 2 out, and then he's tryna get the 3rd one and it's stuck. so he's like trying to get it out and the more he's trying the more it's hurting.. REALLY BAD. then he made me bleed =( so i'm like lemme out of this chair right now. lol. i don't like you and i'm gonna freakin sue. i didn't really say that. i wish i had though. good lesson from this... don't EVER let them stick those things in your mouth when they didn't even know why you were at the dentists to begin with! they aren't as smart as we take them for... and the assistants are complete blondes. very hectic morning for me..