---
date: '2001-10-24T19:40:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 10-24-01
tags: []
title: 10/24/01
---

mmmm i love good report cards =) oh dude i'm gettin cable friday. i'm so happy. i'm freakin sick of dial-up and it's soooooooooooo slow.. thank the Lord. lol... and my stitches come out. they're so gross. i've never had stitches til now. my mouth has had cause too many problems... braces, headgear, surgery, and stitches. ok the headgear doesn't work with the stitches because it would hurt it.. the surgery doesn't work with the braces because they had a huge wire in front of what they were supposed to uh, operate? on so it didn't work out too well. YUCKY. i don't like all this BAD ATTENTION. this weekend my dad wants me to go to this company picnic. i think i'm gonna get someone to go with me. lol.. last time me and becky went, i got hit on by drunk middle-aged men which wasn't exactly the funnest situation to say the least. it was actually kinda scary =/ but i think i've got a way out of it- i've gotta do clemmons clean-up this saturday morning with the interact club at school so yeah idk what i'm gonna do =x

today was pretty cool actually. lol... sorta. i had to make a stuffed mole last night.. don't ask, please, lol.. but we had to make up a story on what planet it came from and bla bla bla so yeah that was interesting. but it's all good because we got free breakfast in 1st period chem ;) fun stuff. and then 3rd period, i had to present my nifty lil collage/poster thing about me. i had fun makin that thing at midnight! eh. lol. oh well.. yeah and then 5th period was fun. we got to write these 2 new pascal programs and they were actually really cool. and the dude next to me couldn't figure em out. so i gave jason and josh the code and they were like "OMG thank you SO much" lol ...they're weird. 6th period was boring because well, i'm supposed to be in hnrs spanish 3 but i didn't get my schedule switched early enough last year. so yes- i'm stuck in spanish 2. it SUCKS ... i'm not learning anything! and then 7th period was fun because i actually like algebra 2. yes- i'm weird.

i had to stay after school today to make up a test for computer science.. i walked in there and the 1 of the guys that use to talk about me before lunch, the ones that pissed me off, was in there.. yeah it was not cool. i was like well, how delightful... NOT...

i was like 20 minutes late for gymnastics practice.. it's all good though cuz i didn't miss much. we tumbled today and i did round-off, backhandspring, backhandspring, backhandspring and i've never done that totally by myself before. i've attempted it once with a spot. the most i've done is 2 backhandsprings and i freakin did it .. i don't know why.. it just sorta happened. i was like holy crap that was awesome. lol.. alright this is gettin too long. i'm out y'all ;)