---
date: '2001-10-27T18:33:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 10-27-01-2
tags: []
title: 10/27/01
---

today wasn't as bad as i thought it was gonna be. and it wasn't as cold as my dad said it was gonna be. it was like 48° without the windchill so idk what it was really. =x it was a tid bit nipply outside! haha anyway...i woke up at 7 and took a shower & all that fun stuff because i had to be at the clemmons town hall at 8:30.. it takes 30 minutes to get there from my dads. it woulda taken 5 from my moms. oh well! but we got there and samantha, julia, tonya, brandon, and some senior guys from school were there so i knew everyone that was with interact. they give us all these huge orange trashbags and these nifty lil orange vests that say "KEEP CLEMMONS CLEAN".. lol we were definitely pimpin in those things(yeah right). interact got assigned to idols rd and hampton rd. take note that these roads are very very very long. yeah considering we were WALKING, in the cold with the wind against us, it was a long walk. we were bending over every 2 feet picking up something. i learned that people down south don't understand the purpose of a trash can and there are WAY too many smokers! we found at least 30 beer bottles next to the road, plus a ran-over wood-chuck. it was sad. lol but brandon tried to save it with a stick; needless to say it didn't work. so we're walkin down idols and we find the intersection for hampton. you never realize the true luxury of cars until you've done this. people, hampton road is like way long. we walked a good 3 miles undoubtedly. this is clemmons... it's supposed to be small. i didn't even think they could fit a 3 mile road IN clemmons. ha yeah now i know and i'm glad it's over. it was actually pretty cool though. julia and brandon are so funny. they act like brother & sister... i walked way ahead of our group most of the time though. i wanted to get finished. i filled up a whole one of those huge orange bags. like 3 of me could fit in one- no joke... so i filled up one of those, plus a bucket i found. and i'm so proud because i did all this in like 4 inch heels. i've walked like 20 miles in those heels at least. in like 4 and 6 mile incriments. ain't i cool. no. but yeah it wasn't too bad. plus after that we got like these nifty little muffin things and they were really good. and we got pepsi. so we were all happy. and then my dad made me go to this huge company picnic for RJR. how fun! jeremy and julie were there though because jeremy's dad is like best friends with my dad. we've been friends w/their familiy forever. julie is one of my best friends and she goes out w/jeremy so that was cool that she was there. otherwise i woulda been goin psycho. haha we were such dorks. i got julie to paint a pumpkin with me and then we went on the moonwalk.. you know how LONG it's been since i've done that?? it was so freakin awesome... we had fun even though it was a lil bit too cold.. =)