---
date: '2002-11-17T13:02:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 11-17-02
tags: []
title: 11/17/02
---

sorry about this week. on thursday or friday i came home and my computer was off, but the power wasn’t completely off. it was so screwy. the monitor was like blinking… i’m not really sure what happened because i had been at school. i’m thinking someone was messing with it. anyway, fixed the computer and the internet was dead. completely dead. nothing had been changed in the network properties and everything was plugged in. it sucked so bad. so until about 10 minutes ago, i hadn’t been online. and my site was gone too. downtime = bad.  
aside from all that, this weekend has been cool. me & doug went to wendys after school on friday and he made me look like a retard in front of the guys who worked there. i still have to get him back for that one. and then i went home and sat around for a while. i cleaned my room which was a mess, and took a shower and ended up going to the football game around 6:30-7. it didn’t rain most of the time, but around 3rd quarter it started sprinkling and didn’t stop. that kinda sucked, but it’s all good. i was with the freshman/sophomore guys so it was fun.

now last night, last night was so awesome. i went and got gas, and me & doug went to mi pueblo around 6:20 or so. meredith was there with her new date and they were out to eat with matt bodenheimer and his family. so meredith comes over and sits with us for a minute or 2. she’s so nice, lol but she’s insane. anyway, we ate and ended up leaving at like 7:45 or so. for some reason i started driving to brent’s house (i was supposed to go to blake’s house) and doug calls and he had been following me wondering where i was going the whole time. so we turn around and go the weird back way through lewisville to get to blake’s house. when we got there, john, mike, blake, pat, & dave were already there. quinn, brent, & sam showed up a couple minutes later. and then… we watched the new version of LOTR!! ahhh it was so much fun. i hadn’t seen dave & quinn in a bigllion years it seemed since they’re all cool and ditched us all for college. i’m gonna miss these guys when they’re all in college next year :(