---
date: '2002-11-19T20:22:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 11-19-02
tags: []
title: 11/19/02
---

i’ve been kinda slacking off on updates lately ;x sorry about that y’all. anyway…  
yesterday wasn’t all that fun. i went to school, stayed after to make up a us history presentation, and then left. i did get to see david (old friend who switched schools last year) and i sat and talked with him for a pretty long time. he’s such a sweetheart.. i always love talkin’ to him. i went home after that. i had a nice long afternoon :) i finished homework, read a little bit, and worked on some junk online. brian & brad randomly called me around 8 and decided they wanted to come see me, so they came over and hung out for a little while. i’m not sure when they left, but i went to sleep not too long afterwards.

today was surprisingly a really good day. i haven’t had too many of those lately. i woke up a bit late ;x around 6:15 so i was rushing to get ready. i got there like 20 minutes early, again. so much for the late part. but we did nothing today at school, in any classes actually. the most i did was take notes… total waste of a good 7 or so hours. argh. i talked to doug for a while after school, and then i left for work. i got to start on a new project too. it’s gonna be total sweetness. i can’t wait until i finish it… or the other 3 i still have pending. hrm..

i met up with brendan at starbucks because he wanted help studying for the comp. sci. test tomorrow. dear god that boy is beautiful. lol but anyway, we finished that in like 15 minutes. there wasn’t much to study, and all i ended up having to do was rephrase what mrs. fix said and that seemed to work fine. we sat and talked for a pretty good while, and then he started teaching me self defense stuff so i got to hit him. it was some fun stuff, let me tell you. i’m an expert now. actually, not nearly close. but it was still a lotta fun. now i know how to beat the crap out of someone and not get too hurt in the process. :) we left there around 7 or so and i went home.

so, here i am. no more homework left, i don’t think. i’m gonna go finish up some other stuff.