---
date: '2002-11-04T08:07:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 11-04-02-3
tags: []
title: 11/04/02
---

hey y'all. i didn't get to post yesterday. i was out a lot of the day, and when i got home i did homework for 3 hours straight and then said i'd had enough, and called it a night. i ended up going to bed around 10:30-11. still pretty early for me. i've been trying to go to bed earlier, since i haven't been doing too well the past week or two. ick ;x  
anyway, we've got a buttload of halloween candy left at my house. major *sugar* high. my mom bought all this candy for halloween, and then when halloween finally rolled around, she decided she didn't want to give out candy at the door, and just decided to turn all the lights off and make it look like no one was home. so, she didn't give out the candy. this is good and bad. it's good because i'll have something to keep me awake in the morning, but it's bad because i don't want to eat it all. argh. i'll make myself sick.

this weekend was a bit crazy. friday night my mom & i went to the mall. i got myself a pair of jeans that actually fit me right. that's always nice :) i can never find any that fit the way i want them to. i went to bed pretty early friday night. i don't know why i was so tired, but i think i crashed around 8:30-9. on saturday, i slept in :) god that was great. i went out to eat with brian, brad, & dan. we were gonna go earlier, but they had some issues with transportation and we never actually met up until 4:30 or so. a little weird. we finish eating, and dan figures out that he hasn't gone to the ATM in a while. i drove dan to just about every frickin' ATM i could think of. with our luck, most were 'temporarily out of service'. quite inconvenient. so dan & i ended up driving around for a little too long looking for a machine that worked. we ended up not leaving the restaurant until 6:30-7. i was supposed to do something with doug, but we'd wasted half the day already, and of course, my cellphone went dead. i ended up staying with those guys for a while since i couldn't really do much else. dan & brad dropped brian & i off at zack's house in advance. we met up with zack & his girlfriend, katie. she was a little weird. but, oh well. whatever floats your boat. they wanted to go to the movies, but since katie had to be home at 10, that plan got screwed. we ended up back at my house *grr*

i went to bed after they left. i was beat. sunday afternoon i ended up going to the mall again. i found one more pair of jeans... so awesome :D and i met up with dave for lunch in the food court after i said bye to the guys at spencers. all in all, a good afternoon. i got home and my mom asked me to go to the movies with her, so we went to see sweet home alabama, for her first and my second time. still a great movie, still a tearjerker :)

i'm gonna go now, though. i'm in the computer lab. i stayed in here through 2nd period. i forgot my wallet this morning so i didn't go to burger king with adam & blake this morning. :( so sad. last time i went there, they made me wait almost 15 minutes for my damn food. those people annoy me. anyhow, i might post this afternoon; i might not. later.