---
date: '2002-10-20T18:52:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 10-20-02
tags: []
title: 10/20/02
---

i wish this weekend wasn’t over. school is going to suck ass this week. =\   
yesterday was one of my busiest days in a long time. i worked 10-3 at pizza hut, and i was the only waitress. god, did that ever suck. my mom came in for a bit, and luckily she came in when things were slowing down a little. i made some really good tips, so that made up for it. 3 groups of 8 came in in a period of 5 minutes, and then other people would come in in 4’s, and you get the picture. i’m one of those obsessive compulsive neat freaks, so if i don’t have everything under total control, i spaz and nearly have a panic attack. and that’s what ended up happening. i ended up leaving at around 4 or so.

i went home to my mom’s house for a little while and took a shower, sat down for a little while and rested, and got dressed and ready to go out again. doug & i went to hooters last night ;x that was interesting, to say the least. it wasn’t my first time, so it wasn’t a big surprise or anything. what was weird was that a lot of the girls who work there are either drop outs or graduates from my high school, and none of them i really got along with too well. oh well. as soon as we got there, i saw like 4 or 5 different people that i knew standing outside waiting just to get in. doug & i waited for almost an hour, but it was fun. it was a tid bit chilly last night though, and i had left my jacket in the car. i was too lazy to go and get it, so i stood there cold instead. i think they gave us the oldest possible waitress, and i also think she was bi. usually, you’d expect the girls to flirt with the guys who go to eat there. the woman was calling me sweetie, and tapping me, and holding onto my arm, and staring at my boobs whenever she walked by. if you’re gonna do that to someone, don’t make it quite that obvious. doug kept making fun of me for it too.. =\ at least my grilled cheese and curly fries were good. i figured since this was my 2nd time at a hooters, and i’d never gotten anything, i had to buy something this time. i got a shirt ;x it’s gray and says “hootersbilt” on the front in an orange sparkly logo. it’s really cute, but i got it mainly as a joke. usually guys get shirts. but, i guess i’m cool now (not really). it’s on the webcam snap right now.

we left hooters around 8:45 and went straight to ziggy’s. jump little children and tinker’s punishment (their openers) were playing. that show was AMAZING. that was definitely one of the best shows i’ve been to. i’d heard both of them before, but they’re even better live (i thought so, anyway). we kinda got the shaft when it boiled down to finding a place to stand. we were on the lower level next to the stage, but we were the back row in the lower level up against the wall. i mean, it’s music, and yeah you can listen, but it’s nice being able to see who’s playing :) it’s all good. when doug & i got there, tanner, sam, elizabeth, betsy, ben, will, brandy(sp?), and a few other people were already there. we stood with all them. melissa & another will showed up later on in the show. it was so crowded. i got completely squished most of the show, and the guy in front of me who was hugging all over his girlfriend kept elbowing me in the boob whenever they swayed back and forth dancing. i was like, get OUT of my bubble. >:o ugh. i was so tired from getting up at 7 already, so by the time midnight rolled around, i was falling asleep standing up. i was still listening, which was weird, but my eyes wouldn’t open (i was trying to blink, really), and i couldn’t stand up straight without teetering. doug didn’t know what was wrong with me; all he could see was the top of my head waving back and forth. he didn’t wanna drive home and be too tired, so we left around 12:15 or so. i got home at 12:40, or around then, and went to sleep at 1:30 or so, only to wake up 6 hours later.

today was pure hell, and i’m gonna leave it at that. i don’t feel like being a bitch on the blog today. =\