---
date: '2002-10-14T21:54:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 10-14-02
tags: []
title: 10/14/02
---

this weekend has been interesting, to say the least. yesterday and today were so much fun. thank you ry~ry! *hugs*  
yesterday i got to ryan’s at around 8:30 or so. we sat around, and watched shrek :) hahaha great movie! i’ve watched that movie at least 3 times at her house already. we are such tards. when it was over, we just kinda sat around in her room. we were talking to her ex online for a little while, and i think he’s regressing. it’s disgusting how immature he’s gotten which seems impossible because i couldn’t stand him 8 months ago when they went out. that dilemma ended, and only 5 minutes later another one started. i ended up crying myself to sleep last night, for reasons which i will not post. but, thanks doug for letting your weird friends get on your computer and talk to me. that was not good. on top of that, ryan has 4 cats. i’m very allergic, so i start to go to sleep, and the cat starts licking my face, and i start to react to all that. my eyes started watering and i couldn’t breathe until i took a shower this morning.

once we got dressed and stuff, we decided to go bra shopping. *grumbles* i hate bra shopping. at least it wasn’t for me though. i ran around the store aimlessly looking for bras for her, while she was in the dressing room with about 8 of them. it was craziness. we gave up on that idea since it didn’t work too well. we just went straight to the comfy clothes section. we decided to get windpants & a cute baggy t-shirt for both of us. i got this shirt that says ‘think out of the box’. i felt special when i found it (don’t ask why, it just amused me), and i also got some black windpants. and oh my goodness they’re so darn comfy!

alright, that’s enough of the shopping stuff. we drove to wendys after that. we were watching the hot guys in nice cars drive by. there weren’t very many. actually, there was only 1. we can still pretend. we went to her house after that and she finished cleaning her room, so i just sat on AIM and watched her run around her room for about an hour. it’s funny to watch her clean, because every once in a while she makes random noises. either that or she eventually runs into something :D like last night, for example. she was laying on the bed with her head at the foot, and she picks up her head to say something to me, and then slams it back down. since she was at the foot, however, she didn’t hit the matress. she hit the wood part on the end of the bed :x now, i laugh at everything, so naturally, i just busted out laughing when this happened. she was just laying there, not moving. that part kinda freaked me out, but then she started squeaking so at least i knew she was ok. god that was hilarous. :) i’m so mean.

i left her place at about 5:20 or so this afternoon and drove back to my dads. i’ve been here ever since. i’m a poster over at erik’s site (enfringe.net) and both he and jay added me to their cam portals. they’re awesome, and very sweet, so go to their site if you get a minute. i spent at least half an hour reading jay’s site a while back. thanks to you guys who have been signing my guestbook and writing me awesome e-mails. i owe y’all :) and bunches of thanks go out to all you people who have recently linked me. :O argh. we left around 8:20, and i dropped him off and went home. needless to say, it was a very cool evening.

stellarexistence (6:18:36 PM): any idea what a Hard Drive Controller does?  
stellarexistence (6:18:48 PM): I only know words like “Nintendo” and “Website”

^ sorry matt :x i had to do it. you know i love ya.