---
date: '2002-11-25T08:15:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 11-25-02
tags: []
title: 11/25/02
---

i’ve been lacking in updates majorly lately… ;x oh well  
friday night was the football game… and dear god it was freezing. i had so much fun, but it was a little bit too cold. the wind chill was like 20°, or pretty close. we lost anyway. woohoo! go west! yeah! i hate my school.

saturday i woke up around 1:15 because my mom decided to tell me just an hour ahead of time that we were having an open house again. i had to be out by 2, or at least up and dressed. so i was like, i’m not gonna stay here for this crap. i went to the bank and the mall. ry~ry called me when i was on the way there and said she was gonna meet me there, so i met up with her around 2 something. we walked around forever, and doug calls and ry~ry is like begging him to come to the mall. so he showed up at i don’t know what time. we ended up staying until 6:30 or something like that. we went back to my house, and ry~ry went to her house. we couldn’t go back over to her house until 8.. i think she had to eat or something. i don’t know. but we went to her house at like 8:30 after we went and got frozen yogurt and rented a movie. i rented from hell. if you have seen it, you will know what i mean when i say that it blows. had i known what it was really about, i never would’ve thought about renting it. it’s about an insane, pissed off old guy who’s taking revenge against 6 whores because they witnessed a screwy wedding so he lures them to him with grapes & alcohol, gets them tipsy, and then butchers them to hell with a surgeon kit and takes a different organ every time. it’s the jack the ripper story, but i had never read/seen whatever the old jack the ripper story was, so i was not expecting anything close to that. bad idea. too late now.

i spent the night at ry~ry’s that night and we ended up going to sleep around 1:30-2. fun stuff. and then she decides to get up at like 8 so i ended up getting up at 8:30. that sucked. i hate waking up early when i don’t have to, but it’s ok because we went out to breakfast, so that was fun.

and i ended up going to the mall again yesterday too. it was that gift of giving thing so you could buy a wristband and stay after the mall closed so i met up with scott and walked around for a while. i went home at like 8:15 or so and sat around. i was exhausted, and i still am.

i’m so bored, but again i have nothing to do during this period. i already finished something for physics and i wouldn’t have enough time to leave and come back before 3rd period started, and i’d rather not be late for that class.

i’m gonna go find something to do.