---
date: '2002-11-11T20:51:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 11-11-02
tags: []
title: 11/11/02
---

this weekend was so relaxing, with the exception of being sick. i sat around alll day today, and was it ever great. it was what seemed like an endless supply of yoo-hoos and minute maid lemonade, mixed with some comfy pajamas, skittles, and catching up with old friends online. i needed that :)  
last night doug picked me up at around 9 or so and we went to pizza hut. i hadn't eaten because my mom refused to go grocery shopping until this morning. we have had absolutely nothing to eat in this house. argh. anyway, doug wrote the waitress a love letter about sausage while i ate my personal pan cheese. good stuff :D we went back to my house and sat around until about 12. i went through tons of old pictures and boxes full of junk in my closet, while he took over my computer.. hrm. i'm starting to see a trend in this. he left and went home around 12 or so.

i didn't end up going to sleep until about 5 am ;x i was online for a long time talking to a few people whom i hadn't talked to in what seemed like forever. it was awesome catching up on things once again. ryan called around 4-something and i talked to him for a bit on the phone. we were starting to talk in incomplete sentences and jibberish after a while, so we decided to go to sleep. there was a tornado watch for a bigllion counties around here, so that was probably a good idea. storms scare the bejesus out of me. thank god i slept like a rock. i didn't hear a thing.

ry~ry and doug thought it would be funny to give me a damn wake-up call at 11:30 this morning! ha.. not cool. you guys suck. not really, but i couldn't go back to sleep after that. 6½ hours of sleep on a monday morning when i don't have school is hardly what i consider acceptable. gah. i'll live, i guess.

i wanna thank opie for all the hits he sent my way. i'm looking at my referrals and every other link is his website. one plug works miracles. much <333 to opie. i owe that guy a fansign, and ryan. also, i wanna thank carlina and jon for plugging me. give these people hits :) they're too sweet.

i am done with physics homework, and i have nothing left to talk about. i'm going to bed early. :) nightnight.