---
date: '2002-10-23T20:36:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 10-23-02
tags: []
title: 10/23/02
---

well, the site is up… *knock on wood* the first time it went down this week or last week, our power had gone out at home because these people were messing with the wiring. they were apparently idiots. but anyway, the roadrunner went out with it, and it wouldn’t come back on. that problem got fixed. then, my mom blew a fuse vacuuming, and the computer shut off, and when it came back on, it wasn’t logged onto my name, so apache wasn’t running. no site :( after all this, my IP changed twice, so i had to e-mail the domain.com people twice and tell them a different IP both times, each taking 1-2 days to get it updated. one would get up, and then it would’ve changed in less than 24 hours. pretty shitty, eh?  
anyway, all that is done with (i hope). school was alright today. comp. sci. was boring, because we started this stupid marine biology case study thing and i’d rather sit and do nothing for 50 minutes. i’ll live. i went in the library and worked on physics during 2nd period (yes, blake. i’m sorry i missed biscuitville again). i felt bad. all we did in physics was go over old homework problems. i found out i stayed up late last night doing homework, when in reality, the homework i did was tonight’s homework. i lost sleep over that crap! i was pissed! but hey, i don’t have to do it tonight. i guess it works out better that way. i had to go around to the art teachers today when i got back to school after career center. i got to take pictures of student artwork that was hanging up various places. i hate doing that. the only plus is going in random classrooms and interrupting class, and usually i know the vast majority of the people in there (not saying i like the vast majority, either). i guess that doesn’t really matter though. the other art teacher is at least like 8 inches shorter than me. i was like holy jesus, i have to look down! that doesn’t happen very often. all we did in math was take notes on crap i did last year. i skipped lunch today and went to the media center to read some stuff for us hist. when i was in there, a bunch of the sophomore/freshmen guys were up hanging out on the couch before the bell rang. they have yet to tell me all their names. but they’re sweet guys. i love meeting new people. they go to the site during computer class and stuff. lol let’s just hope i don’t get called to the office or anything. and max magically appeared out of frickin nowhere (which was actually behind the bookshelves) and handed me a pack of caffeine candies. god those are good. and they’re way too addictive. i ate half the pack during 7th period, and i was pretty wired for a while. i had to present my political cartoon on the missouri compromise in us hist. today, too. i made a typo, and actually the typo made more sense than what i was thinking of putting. extra points for whit! and once again, in english, yoder, zack, ryan, and matt proceeded to call me midget, and throw paper balls at my head. i gotta admit, it’s hilarious, but one day, i will kick their asses. they’ll get what’s coming to them.

i went straight to work after school today. i got there a little early to check something on my sites before i got started, and tried to get online and the damn thing wouldn’t connect. that was a huge bummer, but i got started early. i guess that’s a good thing. but the lady i work with, rebecca, didn’t know any flash whatsoever. i ended up teaching her, and finishing 2 of her projects. she still has no idea what she’s doing. :) fun stuff. if only i had a little patience, i might’ve been able to teach her better.

i had to take the car to the shop again today. my dad made an appointment to get the AC fixed, so we were there for about 30 minutes while they did whatever they had to do. i drove home after that and here i am, incredibly bored. now i get to do homework.