---
date: '2003-02-19T21:40:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 02-19-03
tags: []
title: '02/19/03'
---

eek.. slacking off again on the posting. sorry y’all.  
we’ve had a bit of an icestorm type deal here. we missed monday and tuesday and got snow days, so we have more to make up. ugh, that’s the sucky part. but anyway, it was still a nice little break. yesterday was awesome. i woke up around 12:30 and doug and i went to cook-out to get lunch. we got us some burgers & fries and i had my first milkshake!! oh yeah. it was soo good. i can’t believe i hadn’t had one before. it was mint chocolate chip and it was GREAT :D doug & i just watched TV all afternoon and watched maury. haha… we’re becoming regular watchers of that show. good lordy.. those people are messed up.

today was some fun stuff. we had a 2-hour delay so i didn’t have to go into class until 11 or so. i went in around 10 anyway so i could go in mrs. taylor’s room and get the stuff for the website finished. although i didn’t finish all of it. i sat in there for a few periods and talked to mike… so that was fun. i went to the rest of my classes *boring* and then in english we got our registration cards for next year. my schedule is going to be so, so weird. but, oh well. my schedule this year is weird too. doug & i went to wendy’s after school, and then he went back for another laX meeting while i went to meet with the vice principal (i think that’s what she is) about her website and all this other junk. i came home, started on homework and all that fun stuff… and doug ended up coming over around 5. we sat around and watched TV again, and then he left. i finished most of the rest of my homework and left for the Y around 7. i didn’t expect to see so many people i knew there; i was talkin’ to way too many people at once. and it was good seeing some people i don’t get to see that often. i ended up going to little richard’s right after i left with a few people too.

yup, i had a great day. but i’m gonna go finish some other crap for us history. night y’all.
