---
date: '2003-06-02T14:27:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: a-fresh-start
tags: []
title: 'a fresh start'
---

alright... i ditched the handmade blog. i had a .php file with all my entries in it included on the index if the URL targeted the main page, but now i've got that fusion php news management thing so i don't have to format all my entries by hand. i've been doing it for years and it's getting really annoying. i get to do it the lazy way now :) anyway, hopefully this works. if it pisses me off or starts to mess up, then i guess i'll just go back to the old file. bleh.

so, yeah, i'm still in king. i've been here since friday and it's great. friday night we were gonna go to see beloved and undying at PS211, but zach & i decided to stay at scott's since everyone was here for his birthday. there were a ton of people here, and all these people i didn't know kept showing up; it was awesome.

i went home saturday afternoon and showered and got clothes & junk for that night and came back up here to king. about an hour after i got to king i ended up driving me, sam, & michael back to winston to go see between the buried and me at brew ha ha's. john & zach left a little earlier and met up with us when we got there. matt and chase and their charlotte buddies were there, david and wes and beef were there, brian and thomas were there, jeremy and zack were there, dennis and kevin and justin were there, brent was there, and so many other people. i don't think i could even name them all. it was definitely one of the best shows i've been to in a while. i lost my shoe in the pit for a while, got elbowed in the chest, and almost got thrown in, but it was so great. :) we left there to go to waffle house. me, sam, michael, zach, john, matt, chase, rob, and rea were there for a while and i finally tried coffee. john loaded it down with cream and sugar so it tasted like sugarwater more than anything... a little weird. at least i can say i've had it now. i'm not even sure when we left there, or when we got home for that matter. i just know it felt like a lot longer drive than it really was. we got home and at this point, i don't even remember what happened after that. i think that was the night when michael and dustan and i all crashed at once. that show wore us all out. we slept in sunday afternoon and i went home around 3 or 4 to shower and get cleaned up.

i got back to scott's around 6 something and early was ridin' his bike around scott's yard and i bummed a ride. i'd never ridden a motorcycle before but dude, that was fun... about as fun as it can get going in circles in the grass. we got some good movies that night. mostly of shane and scott being idiots and early ridin' his bike. we got a whole mess of pictures too. i'll try and post them once i get them from thomas or matt or whoever has them. i'm not even sure now. we grilled out and had hotdogs that night and then around 1-2am, byrd brought a whole mess of salmon back and cooked it for us. i'd never had that before either, and man it was good. all of us passed out after that. i think duane and seawelly were the only ones to stay awake 'cause me, early, byrd, matt, shane, and thomas fell dead asleep. seawelly woke me up at 7:15 so he & i could drive scott to school at 8, and we came back, sat around for a while, and went back to get him at 10:30, stopped at mcdonalds, and came back here. i'm not sure if i'm gonna be here for the night or not, but i probably will be. i'm havin' too much fun.

this whole weekend has been crazy. i'm gonna go play vietcong. i might post later, but i doubt it.
