---
date: '2003-02-22T13:25:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 02-22-03
tags: []
title: '02/22/03'
---

i am so sick of all this next year registration crap. i finally figured out what i’m gonna take my senior year. i decided to drop computer information systems since it would be a repeat of stuff i already know. i went by guidance after school and picked a form for an internship, but i’m not sure what is going to happen with that. i don’t know much about how the school deals with those, but hopefully it’ll all work out. the rest of my classes are probably going to be AP comp. sci. AB (since it’s java next year instead of C++), AP chemistry, AP calculus, cisco, and honors english IV. ha… yeah next year is definitely going to suck. and since 99% of my friends will be in college, it’s going to go from sucking to just pure hell. all i know is i won’t be going back to west next year. i get to be stuck at career center allll day. thank god :D  
i went to my study session for history yesterday after school and then to get those internship forms, and finally i got to go home. doug came over after his laX meeting and we went to mi pueblo. we haven’t been able to do that in a while… so that was fun. we were GONNA rent a movie, but the lady ended up pissing me off and we left and just came back here and watched TV. i think we both fell asleep for a little bit. i was so so tired. he left and i didn’t end up crashing until 2 or somewhere around there.

i got to sleep in this morning… wow that was great. i love that feeling of not hearing my alarm in the morning and just laying there. except someone rang the doorbell and woke me up earlier than i wanted to wake up. argh… damn neighbors. oh well. i guess i’ll just get a little bit of a headstart today. i think i’m gonna try and get some homework done so i don’t have as much to do tomorrow. i won’t be able to do much tonight though because of the show. swift is playing and i can’t miss it! it’s gonna be crazy.

my mom wants me to go to that blast thing tomorrow. it’s like stomp and riverdance only it’s “american” and it’s a whole ton of instruments. i saw it on a whole mess of commercials. it looks pretty cool, and i want to go, but i don’t think i’ll be able to. i have to start on this stupid research paper. i finally got my thesis though, so that’s a start.

i’m gonna go start on some physics. i’ll probably post later.
