---
date: '2003-04-16T18:21:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 04-16-03
tags: []
title: '04/16/03'
---

wow, this week has turned around quickly :) yesterday was fricking great. well, except for the learning part. but anyhow, doug & i are good <3 and i got to go to the DEP/hopesfall/norma jean show. holy jesus, it was so awesome... that was one of the wildest pits i've been in, at ziggy's at least. the ones at PS211 were pretty beast when i went there too. but yeah, i got knocked into my fair share of poles... heh, so fun. i think i was the smallest person down there, but it's all gravy. i had a good time getting pushed around for 3 hours! i got home around 11 and crashed at around 12 or 1; no wonder i'm so sleepy :)  
school was pretty boring today. we had a test in physics, so that sucked. and the rest of my classes were unusually boring. i think it's because this week is a 4-day week, so it felt like a thursday, and everyone is ready for the long weekend. who knows. but doug & i went up to wendys after school... i was starved. i hadn't eaten all day. i don't think pepsi really counts. so i got me some lunch and dropped him back off at west, and here i am. i'm incredibly bored and i'm tempted to just go somewhere. i'd probably end up at the mall to see who's up playing DDR... but i'm not sure.

i just got done gauging one of my ears. i went from a 14 to an 8... and it's a little stingy at the moment. i had gotten some blue plugs from hot topic. they look kind of like these only they're light blue with dark blue rings and they're 8 gauge. they aren't tapered so i kind of did it ghetto-style and tapered one end a teensy bit with scissors so i could get it partially in and then just jam it the rest of the way through. it was a little sharp after i did that, so uh, it didn't feel that pleasant :D oh well. i got it now buddy! i only put one in since i like the other earrings i've got in. maybe i'll get another color next time i go over there.

i'm gonna go find something to do for the evening. i'll be back later.
