---
date: '2003-04-28T20:59:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 04-28-03
tags: []
title: '04/28/03'
---

wow, this was a tiring weekend. prom was kind of crappy, for several reasons, a few of which i will not get into. but anyhow, collin it wasn’t because of you. thank you for going, you were fun. others, however, were not so fun. i was ready to slap quite a few people by the end of the night. i was also ready to pop every single balloon in that convention center due to the fact that strings were flying everywhere and they all seemed to get stuck on me. dear god, i had the hardest time walking around in that place.  
i ended up sleeping in until about 1:30 on sunday afternoon… heh, that was so nice. i haven’t done that in a while. i have a hard time sleeping late because i’m used to sleeping so little lately. it’s crazy. but i got up, showered, and headed out to the mall again. tim, blake, thomas, duane, chris, zach, & scott were up there along with some other random people who showed up. that was definitely fun. we had originally planned to go get pizza and all go to scott’s to watch a movie, but instead we went to this japanese place that was a little closer to king. i… had never had japanese before, and if i had, i wasn’t old enough to remember it, or somehow totally blocked it out of my mind. they talked me into eating onion soup (i don’t like onions), and it was suprisingly good. they then talked me into eating sushi with crab (i’d only had sushi with salmon before), and some green stuff that tasted like really spicy play-doh, and then of course i had chicken teriyaki for my first time. it was an interesting meal, and probably took me longer to eat than anything i’ve ever eaten in my life. after that we all just ended up back at scott’s sitting around while thomas and scott and duane played games and the rest of us just sat there doing absolutely nothing. it was quite the party, i must say.\*\*

today wasn’t all that exciting, but since when did mondays ever become fun? i had a test in 1st, 3rd, and 6th periods along with 3 labs due. now those killed me. i wasn’t awake enough or in the mood to do that much crap today, but at least it’s over with. i still have to stay after tomorrow to make up my pre-cal quiz from last friday… should be grand.

i ended up at that student of the year thing at school tonight. i’m not sure what to call it. it wasn’t really an awards ceremony because we got our pictures taken with our “nominator”, sat there, and then just got called to get this certificate/sheet of paper from mr. holt, and then we sat there some more to listen to telford talk about character. it reminded me of when they did those honor roll things in elementary school… those were the good days ;)

i’m gonna go finish homework. i don’t have a lot tonight, heck yeah :D later.
