---
date: '2003-06-02T02:37:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: june-2003
tags: []
title: June 2003
---

i'm on an 80s kick... 06.10.03 | 01:59 PM | posted by whit  
yeah. i've been listening to billy joel and the fraggle rock theme song allll morning. this is ridiculous. what's happening to me?!

random survey 06.10.03 | 12:24 AM | posted by whit  
got a survey from her...

:x: name = whit  
:x: piercings = 9  
:x: tattoos = 0  
:x: height = 4'11"  
:x: shoe size = 3˝  
:x: hair color = brown & pink  
:x: length = a little below shoulders  
:x: siblings = stepbro - 22

LAST...  
:x: movie you rented = strangeland  
:x: movie you bought = i haven't bought any, but doug & my mom bought me lilo & stitch at christmas  
:x: song you listened to = flogging molly - the likes of you again  
:x: song that was stuck in your head = creedence clearwater revival - have you ever seen the rain  
:x: cd you bought = marilyn manson - the last tour on earth  
:x: cd you listened to = sister hazel  
:x: person you've called = dan  
:x: person that's called you = mom  
:x: tv show you've watched = aqua teen hunger force  
:x: person you were thinking of = ry~ry

DO...  
:x: you have a bf or gf = nope  
:x: you have a crush on someone = yep  
:x: you wish you could live somewhere else = ohh definitely. preferably king.  
:x: you think about suicide = used to  
:x: you believe in online dating = nope  
:x: others find you attractive = guess so  
:x: you want more piercings = yup  
:x: you drink = nope  
:x: you do drugs = nope  
:x: you smoke = nope  
:x: you like cleaning = heh, do it way too much in my room  
:x: you like roller coasters = heck yeah  
:x: you write in cursive or print = kind of a mix  
:x: you carry a donor card = nope

FOR OR AGAINST...  
:x: long distance relationships = i wouldn't know  
:x: using someone = against  
:x: killing people = depends on the reasoning behind it =\  
:x: teenage smoking = don't really care. i don't do it.  
:x: premarital sex = not sure. i'm still a virgin though.  
:x: driving drunk = bleh.. not good at all.  
:x: gay/lesbian relationship= whatever floats your boat  
:x: soap operas = high school soap operas? those suck. others, those usually suck too.

FAVORITE...  
:x: food = chicken, pizza hut food, panera salad, pb&j;, mexican  
:x: song = way too many, but right now it's seven nations - twelve  
:x: thing to do = hang out, webdesign, program, gymnastics, play LAN games, goof off, watch ATHF  
:x: thing to talk about = memories, future, random crap that doesn't make sense  
:x: sports = gymnastics, football is fun to watch, so is baseball  
:x: drinks = orange soda & lemonade  
:x: clothes = pajama pants, big hoodies, tshirts and hiphuggers  
:x: movies = monty python & the holy grail, lilo & stitch, silence of the lambs, now & then, fight club  
:x: band/singer = toooooo many  
:x: holiday = summer (my bday), and winter... <333 winter clothes  
:x: new nerdy saying = pwned? does that count? it's not really new...

HAVE YOU...  
:x: ever cried over a guy= yep  
:x: ever lied to someone = yep  
:x: ever been in a fist fight = i've been in a ready-to-kill pillow fight in australia where i threw some girl on the ground and started beating the crap out of her... but that's about as close as it gets.  
:x: ever been arrested = nope

NUMBER...  
:x: of times I have been in love? = eh... not sure about all stuff.  
:x: of times I have had my heart broken? more times than necessary  
:x: of girls I have kissed? = 0  
:x: of boys I have kissed? = much too many =\  
:x: of drugs taken illegally? = 0  
:x: of people I would classify as true, could trust with my life type friends? = at least 3... the only girls i got ;)  
:x: of people I consider my enemies? = 0  
:x: of times my name has appeared in the newspaper? = at least twice... idk about after that  
:x: of scars on my body? = a whole lot  
:x: of things in my past that I regret? = wayyy way too many

FAVORITE...  
:x: disney movie = aladdin, lion king, lilo & stitch, toy story, country bears... and yeah. every disney movie ever made.  
:x: scent = watermelon  
:x: word = werd. j/k... uhhh, dude  
:x: nickname = soccerball (ha! tim!)  
:x: guy name = nick  
:x: girl name = liz  
:x: eye color = green  
:x: flower = honey suckles!!!  
:x: piercing = lip/labret... want one so ferkin' bad!!!  
:x: actress = julia stiles

DO YOU THINK YOU ARE...  
:x: pretty = not most of the time dangit!!!  
:x: funny = i'm a retarded goofball...  
:x: hot = no, but apparently some people do. so, yeah.  
:x: friendly = yes  
:x: amusing = when i want to be i think i can be  
:x: ugly = sometimes, yep. especially when i wake up.  
:x: loveable = of course!  
:x: pessimistic = ohhh too much at times  
:x: optimistic = when the rough spots are over, yep!  
:x: caring = yup, too much at times  
:x: sweet = when i want to be :D  
:x: dorky = eh... yeah. haha... very.

:x: Spell your first name back wards x: yentihw  
:x: The story behind your user name x: alex called me short stack in 8th grade  
:x: Are you straight? x: uh huh  
:x: Where do you live? x: NC, USA  
:x: 4 words that sum you up x: short, dorky, pink, caring

DESCRIBE YOUR -  
:x: Wallet x: fulllll of ticket stubs  
:x: Hairbrush x: pink  
:x: Toothbrush x: pink & sparkly  
:x: Jewelry worn daily x: shell necklace, bellybutton ring, earrings, 2 rings & a thumbring, chain bracelet from my dad  
:x: Pillow cover x: pink t-shirt material.. and the other ones are fleece or fuzzy  
:x: Blanket x: big poofy leopard print comforter  
:x: Coffee cup x: i don't drink coffee... hrm..  
:x: Sunglasses x: they b0rked  
:x: Shoes x: flip flops, my fake burks, adidas  
:x: Handbag x: red monkey backpack, but my favorite one is messed up sitting in my back seat. it's rainbowy knit  
:x: Favorite top x: my spongebob shirt, my thinkgeek hoodies, my only shirt from express... a plain blue tshirt  
:x: CD in stereo right now x: beloved, sister hazel, loopus  
:x: What you are wearing now x: rugrats t-shirt & pajama pants  
:x: Hair x: down & messy  
:x: Make up x: eyeliner

WHO or WHAT (was/is/are) -  
:x: In my mouth x: lemonade  
:x: In my head x: elton john - tiny dancer  
:x: Wishing x: i wasn't sittin' here all bored  
:x: After this x: tv and sleep  
:x: Talking to x: byrd  
:x: Eating x: nada  
:x: Fetishes x: long hair  
:x: If you could get away with it and murder anyone, who and for what reason? x: i'm not getting into this  
:x: Person you wish you could see right now x: that's a lot of people  
:x: Is next to you x: bed on the right  
:x: Something you're looking forward to in this up coming month x: camping tomorrow!!!  
:x: Something that you are deathly afraid of? x: being robbed/raped/attacked... good god. that crap is scary.  
:x: Do you like candles x: yep!  
:x: Do you like hot wax x: it's fun to play with  
:x: Do you like incense x: i've never actually burnt it before  
:x: Do you like the taste of blood x: ick, no  
:x: Do you believe in love x: yup  
:x: Do you believe in soul mates: heck yeah  
:x: Do you believe in love at first sight: i'm still thinking on that one  
:x: Do you believe in forgiveness: depends.  
:x: Do you believe in God: eh, not quite.  
:x: What do you want done with your body when you die: cremated and i'll have to think about where to put it  
:x: Who is your worst enemy?: don't have one  
:x: If you could have any animal for a pet: hamster... as long as this one's head doesn't fall off  
:x: What is the latest you've ever stayed up: 4 days  
:x: Ever been to Belgium?: no :(  
:x: Can you eat with chopsticks: YEAH! but it took a while. especially the rice.  
:x: What's your favorite coin?: those smushed characterized ones you can get at disney world  
:x: What are 5 cities you wouldn't mind relocating to?: king, sydney australia, cairns australia, london england, vegas  
:x: What are some of your favorite pig out foods?: chips & french onion dip, nachos & cheese, skittles, peanut butter M&Ms;  
:x: whats something that you wish people would understand?: my computer freakiness  
:x: What's something you wish you could understand better?: people's ignorance & stupidity  
:x: Anyone you miss that you haven't seen in a long time? : my cousins  
:x: Something you want to make happen for tomorrow?: wake up, be refreshed & not tired, so i'll be ready for tomorrow night

home for the night, again 06.09.03 | 10:17 PM | posted by whit  
well, i came back home again! i'm staying the night since tomorrow is my mommy's birthday. I LOVE YOU, MOM!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY! i think she went to bed already though, hrm. anyway, this weekend has been crazy. early & i re-dyed my hair pink tonight since it was fading. i might be getting a 2nd job in king (woohoo!) and i'll find all those details out on wednesday most likely. tomorrow i'm going back up to king later in the afternoon 'cause we're having a "camp out". it's gonna be great... it will include a tent, mud & dirt, marshmallows, fishing poles, and a taser. good stuff :D can't wait to see how this turns out.

last night shane, grainger, scott, & i went to the movie rental place when we were waiting for little caesars and got this freako movie about this crazed guy who was obsessed with body modifcations. he would invite random people from internet chatrooms to go to a "party" at his house, and then he'd torture them to death... it was insane. it was a good movie though, for the most part. i used to be able to watch that kind of gore on TV, but i'm slowly becoming more and more intolerable of it. bleh.

i think i'm gonna fix up some junk on the site, and then crash. i'm pretty tired, and i really shouldn't be. oh well. later.

gallery 06.07.03 | 12:41 PM | posted by whit  
i forgot to mention that i updated/re-did the gallery. i got sick of the layout (it's been up for nearly a year) so i put a crappy simple one up. there are some updated LAN pics up too.

SATs sucked this morning. i hate standardized testing and i always will... especially in a room full of people i don't like.

home for the night 06.06.03 | 10:30 PM | posted by whit  
well, i'm back home tonight. i haven't slept here since last thursday night... so weird. i've been at scott's with the guys since then. it's been one big ol' LAN :) it's been a blast. SATs are tomorrow morning so i came home to get some rest and chill out by myself for a bit. i get to wake up bright and early and sit for 4 hours to take a stupid test. i hate these things... but once it's over, i might be going to PS211 and then i'm heading back up to king. we're all gonna be at thomas's since most of the guys graduated this year and ohhh man we're gonna have fun!

so, i have the job at pc1zone. since that doesn't start for a while, i went and applied at lowes foods ;x i told myself i'd never apply at a grocery store but everyone i've talked to who works there says it's not bad at all. so if i get that job, i get to work 2 jobs this summer... which sounds strangely like last summer. it's not necessarily a bad thing, it means money, but it means a lot of hours too... hmm.

i'm gonna go find something to do. sitting here is putting me in a bad mood. i'll post later.

untitled 06.05.03 | 12:05 PM | posted by whit  
so, i went to another "interview" this morning at pc1zone. i've got the job, but i won't start for 3 or 4 weeks. so until then, i'm not sure what i'm gonna do. i could try and get another job and hold 2 jobs this summer and maybe keep both during the school year, or get 2 jobs for the summer, and drop one once the school year starts. decisions, decisions...

the guys are playing battlefield (which i suck at), so i'm gonna wait 'til they play vietcong or CS or something good. screw that. i got suckered into playing.

navigation... 06.03.03 | 09:09 PM | posted by whit  
if you're one of those people who hasn't figured out how to navigate the new layout, try using the 5 pink boxes in the section above this ;) duh, you guys... duh.

holy jesus 06.03.03 | 08:44 PM | posted by whit  
dude... this weekend/week has been insane. i've been here in king since friday afternoon and the only times i've gone home have been to take a shower or get more clean clothes. we've been LANing like crazy mofo's. last night we played starcraft for about an hour, played vietcong for a pretty good while, played cs for a while... it was nuts. some of us crashed pretty early since we'd been worn out from the weekend, but i woke up bright and early at 9 this morning and took a shower. seawelly and i were the only ones here for the afternoon so he and i drove around for a bit. we went to the sally beauty supply place and bought pink hair dye :) it was pouring rain so we got pretty wet. oh well. we drove up to the hair place so he could get his hair cut, and then drove back to scott's and the excitement began. we sat in the bathroom for about an hour putting pink hair dye in our hair. his whole head was coated in pink goopy crap. i only had a few handfulls of hair coated, but the whole top layer of my hair is bright pinkish purple. it's awesome. he's asleep right now so i can only imagine what his is like. i love it :P i'll put up a picture eventually. i don't feel like it right now.

i think i'm gonna go play a game or something. i'm tired of messing with the website for now.

o\_O 06.03.03 | 08:00 PM | posted by whit  
and i have pink hair... lyke OMG!!!

a fresh start 06.02.03 | 02:27 PM | posted by whit  
alright... i ditched the handmade blog. i had a .php file with all my entries in it included on the index if the URL targeted the main page, but now i've got that fusion php news management thing so i don't have to format all my entries by hand. i've been doing it for years and it's getting really annoying. i get to do it the lazy way now :) anyway, hopefully this works. if it pisses me off or starts to mess up, then i guess i'll just go back to the old file. bleh.

so, yeah, i'm still in king. i've been here since friday and it's great. friday night we were gonna go to see beloved and undying at PS211, but zach & i decided to stay at scott's since everyone was here for his birthday. there were a ton of people here, and all these people i didn't know kept showing up; it was awesome.

i went home saturday afternoon and showered and got clothes & junk for that night and came back up here to king. about an hour after i got to king i ended up driving me, sam, & michael back to winston to go see between the buried and me at brew ha ha's. john & zach left a little earlier and met up with us when we got there. matt and chase and their charlotte buddies were there, david and wes and beef were there, brian and thomas were there, jeremy and zack were there, dennis and kevin and justin were there, brent was there, and so many other people. i don't think i could even name them all. it was definitely one of the best shows i've been to in a while. i lost my shoe in the pit for a while, got elbowed in the chest, and almost got thrown in, but it was so great. :) we left there to go to waffle house. me, sam, michael, zach, john, matt, chase, rob, and rea were there for a while and i finally tried coffee. john loaded it down with cream and sugar so it tasted like sugarwater more than anything... a little weird. at least i can say i've had it now. i'm not even sure when we left there, or when we got home for that matter. i just know it felt like a lot longer drive than it really was. we got home and at this point, i don't even remember what happened after that. i think that was the night when michael and dustan and i all crashed at once. that show wore us all out. we slept in sunday afternoon and i went home around 3 or 4 to shower and get cleaned up.

i got back to scott's around 6 something and early was ridin' his bike around scott's yard and i bummed a ride. i'd never ridden a motorcycle before but dude, that was fun... about as fun as it can get going in circles in the grass. we got some good movies that night. mostly of shane and scott being idiots and early ridin' his bike. we got a whole mess of pictures too. i'll try and post them once i get them from thomas or matt or whoever has them. i'm not even sure now. we grilled out and had hotdogs that night and then around 1-2am, byrd brought a whole mess of salmon back and cooked it for us. i'd never had that before either, and man it was good. all of us passed out after that. i think duane and seawelly were the only ones to stay awake 'cause me, early, byrd, matt, shane, and thomas fell dead asleep. seawelly woke me up at 7:15 so he & i could drive scott to school at 8, and we came back, sat around for a while, and went back to get him at 10:30, stopped at mcdonalds, and came back here. i'm not sure if i'm gonna be here for the night or not, but i probably will be. i'm havin' too much fun.

this whole weekend has been crazy. i'm gonna go play vietcong. i might post later, but i doubt it.

testing the news script... 06.02.03 | 09:59 AM | posted by whit  
i hope this thing works =x because the other scripts i've used haven't. grrr...