---
date: '2003-02-16T12:26:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 02-16-03-2
tags: []
title: '02/16/03'
---

i hope everybody had an awesome valentine’s day and weekend :) v-day was amazing. it was so, SO much fun. after school doug and i went and got some grub at wendy’s and then he went back for a laX meeting, so i went home. i got showered and rested up a bit. he came and got me around 6 something. we stopped at my dad’s place to say hey and all that fun stuff; we were there for a little while and then we headed over to ziggy’s for the JLC/tinker’s punishment show. we got there a little late i guess. i had hoped since we were 45 minutes or so early that we’d get a better spot. but uh, when you’re on the lower level, there isn’t really a better spot unless it’s front row. it was more crowded than the last show they played there. i could actually see the guys this time though, and i wasn’t stuck behind a bunch of tall people either. it was an awesome show, better than the last one. i was so sore afterwards though. i didn’t stop moving around the whole time and my throat hurt from screaming… heh. i got a little into it.  
yesterday was a lot of fun too. i slept a little too late ;x doug called and woke me up at 3, and had he not called i think i would’ve been out for a good 2 more hours or so. i was out like a light… definitely worn out from the show. so i got ready and he came and got me around 4. we went over to harris teeter to meet brandon and ben since we had to go grocery shopping before we went to brandon’s for the cook-out. it turned out being more of a big ol’ family-style dinner rather than a cook-out. i think brent was the only one cooking out that night. he and brandon were our chefs. they did a damn fine job too :) it was me, doug, brent, brandon, ben, dan, andrew, and this nicole girl was there for a little while too. good times… we ate dinner (steak, mushrooms, sweet potatoes, and baked potatoes) around 6:30-7 and then we were all crammed on the couches watching black sheep & tommy boy. nicole left, dan went home, and the rest of us went to krispy kreme and chilled over there for a while. brad brought us bread from panera, too, which was awesome. so we left around 10:15 and doug and i came back here and watched TV until he had to leave.

this weekend was incredible :) if only they could all be this much fun. i’m gonna go get some lunch and find something to do.
