---
date: '2003-04-04T13:40:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 04-04-03-2
tags: []
title: '04/04/03'
---

[edit] PS211 caught fire yesterday and the stretch show is cancelled. i guess that solves my dilemma. [/edit]  
i've been majorly slacking off on the website lately. i don't like the layout, at all. and i haven't had any brilliant ideas or anything so i'm kind of at a stand-still. i don't know what to do with this thing. i haven't had time to post a lot because all i've been doing for the past few weeks is either go to school, go to work, go to the Y, do homework, and go out with friends. i haven't had as much website time as i did at the beginning of the year. i've had a ton of school stuff to do lately, and 2 papers that i need to wrap up this weekend as well. so don't expect anything interesting out of me for a while. i've been thinking about shutting the site down, but i'm not sure. i've kept this thing up for almost 2 years now. i guess when the domain renewal question comes up on july 4th, then i'll decide what to do. i haven't put much thought into it yet. i could just make this my portfolio website instead of the one i have now, and then register a new domain or just host a subdomain off my server and keep it as a journal/picture site. who knows.

ICP & anybody killa are at ziggy's tonight... and i'm still not sure if i'm going. stretch arm strong and XawwtX and some other bands will be at PS211. it's a tough decision =x i think the ICP show would be fun, but i haven't been to an XawwtX show in a while, and i wanna see the guys play again. i'm not a huge ICP fan, but you can't tell me that it wouldn't be a crazy show. i'll be prepared to get the crap kicked out of me in a crowd like that. heh... wish me luck. i'll definitely need it.

if you're wondering about all the down-time lately... i'm not sure what's been up. i know my mom blew a fuse at least once, so the computer went down and the server went with it. my internet has been really weird lately too... i'll come home and my AIM connection will have been lost hours earlier. so i haven't been able to get to my FTP or anything from school, which has pissed me off bigtime. ahh, so strange. i'll figure it out sooner or later.

oh yeah, if anyone has a good download of 3ds max and you're willing to let me get a copy, IM me :) thanks. i haven't found anything on kazaa or IRC that actually works yet.
