---
date: '2003-02-11T21:43:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: 02-11-03
tags: []
title: '02/11/03'
---

i hate school. i get a 4-day weekend, and i come back to school, and all i can do is complain about it. that is really sad.  
i guess in ap physics you don’t really get much breathing room ;) i got out of my car this morning and started walking to the building and my teacher walks up to me and tells me i have to make up the test 2nd period… wow, what a nice surprise to start my day. so of course, i start studying all through 1st period. i had to go in the library since i missed a test in that class yesterday too. what fun… we just went over tests in physics and got a brand new lab that’s due friday, along with test corrections, and regular homework assignments. good lord. anyway, we had a sub in pre-cal, and all he did was sit there and talk about rocks. so i guess that was cool? (better than taking notes) i caught up on all my notes in us history, but we are starting on this huge research paper that’s split between that and english. talk about huge grade… jesus. we’ve got a group project and presentation for that class too (ours is on cuba) so that’ll be just grand. i have to come up with my research topic by tomorrow, and i’m clueless. i don’t know what to write about, and there is so much to choose from… ahhh!!! my english teacher decided to throw a second paper in our face today too, so i sat there reading bush’s state of the union address and a speech from roosevelt after the 12/7/41 attacks. they were interesting, but wayyy too long. i get to write a paper on those tomorrow. as you can tell, i’m just having a great time with all of this.

i got to see doug before i left for career center again, so that was a nice break… short, but nice. i needed that :) i drove back to CC for the physics study session from 3-5. adam & i finished up an electrostatic lab that is due friday. it was good to get that off my back early… i was dreading that. so all i have to do now is type it up and make sure everything is in complete sentences. right now, it’s all scribbled in my lab notebook and i don’t think even i’ll be able to figure out what i wrote down. through all that, i still had fun. patrick, daniel, & i were playing with balloons and scotch tape the whole time. that was so awesome. except our teacher had these furs that still had , what looked like, legs on them… which freaked me out a little bit. i’m beginning to wonder what she does in her spare time.

i’m gonna go. maybe i’ll get to sleep early again… goodnight.
