---
date: '2004-02-19T10:59:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: its-almost-friday
tags: []
title: 'it’s almost friday…'
---

thank god. this week has dragged on, and we had a day off and a delay. something is seriously wrong with that. the end of the year is so close! and it just won’t come fast enough!

tomorrow is going to be awesome, though. we’re all headed to siner’s new apartment in boone for grainger’s going away party! i’m so excited, ’cause the party is going to be fun, but i don’t want grainger to leave. he’s my buddy. sunday is his last day… so sad :(

i’m starting to get fed up with the parking back at career center. i was running late this morning. well, i was running early to begin with, but i had forgotten one of my notebooks and i had to turn around after i was already 2 minutes from career center and i drove back home. so i got to class at 8:07, instead of 8:05, and i got a tardy. woohoo! i had a note, but the teachers don’t really give a damn about that. too bad, so sad. i don’t care anymore. but back to my frustration… since i got there late, i got the shaft on parking spots. i could only really park where they told me to park, but since the parking people like to be difficult sometimes, they stuck me inbetween a whole ton of cars whose owners don’t leave career center until probably an hour or two later. yaaay! so i was pinned in. i had to bum a ride with stephen, who i have only spoken to probably once or twice in my whole life, and i’m not sure if he really even remembered that, so i felt a little awkward asking if i could get a lift with him back to west. but he’s a nice guy, and we had some interesting conversations. ha. and we listened to wutang. rock on! i hadn’t listened to that junk since freshman year. it brought back some horrible memories, i know that much. ’twas a fun ride back to west, to say the least. now i have to see if becky has her car back today, ’cause i’m her ride to career center in the afternoons, and if neither of us have our car at west, then we both have to bum a ride back to career center. grr…

i wanna go to lunch! i’m so hungry. this morning is dragging sooo slooowwwlyyyy.
