---
date: '2004-04-29T11:03:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: boredom-2
tags: []
title: 'boredom'
---

i’m sitting in 3rd period with nothing to do. the next 45 minutes will be totally dead.

brantley and some east kids and guys i know from cisco play hacky sack every morning in the lobby at career center after 0 period and they’ve been bugging me everytime i walk by to play with them. 99% of the time i tell them no because i suck, pretty bad. there are about 6 or 7 of them that stand out there, and today i gave in because maybe brantley will quit nagging ;) now i just have to play counter-strike with him, and maybe he’ll be satisfied. i still suck at hacky sack, and it was no surprise to me that i did nothing amazing this morning. i’m sure if i gave more than the 2% effort i put forth this morning i’d be a little bit better. i suppose that’s the shyness kicking in. that and the fact that i only know 2 of those guys and i felt/looked like a bit of an outcast. life goes on. maybe i won’t feel completely stupid tomorrow if i decide to play again before chemistry.

i really wish today was friday. i’m ready for the weekend :) tomorrow i’m going with john so he can get his tux fitted for prom and then i have no clue what’s goin’ on that night. i will most likely end up at early/kennedy/jarrod/byrd’s and hang out there for a while. saturday is gonna be packed full of crap to do. i have a hair appointment at 4, dinner at 6, prom from 8-whenever at the milennium center… it should be fun :) prom is on the same day as john’s birthday and siner’s birthday, and depending on where siner decides to throw his party, i’ll either be there or with john and his friends, or if i don’t do either of those i’ll end up hanging out with james at his welcome-home party. i can’t wait! i haven’t figured out what sunday is yet. i’m taking suggestions. :D i don’t want to sit at home.

i might actually go to lunch today, which means i should be leaving in 2 minutes. i might post tonight.
