---
date: '2004-06-11T12:56:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: partaaay
tags: []
title: 'partaaay'
---

so who’s going tonight? i’m driving myself and thomas up to boone tonight because siner’s having another party and it’s gonna rock. his last one was great. too bad there’s no snow to play in this time.. hrm. anyway, it’ll be a lot of fun. i haven’t seen everyone together in a while. i’m excited :) i’m leaving here in a few hours to head on up there. if anyone wants to go with thomas and i, i have room for 3 more! give me a call. :D

since shane left wednesday morning, i was a wreck. to top it off, one of his neighbors hit my car while it was parked in shane’s front yard. to say the least, that wasn’t my best day this week. thomas, being the cool guy he is, hung out with me all night. it definitely made me feel better and it kept me from getting in a pissy mood. he and i went to the dairi-o and sucked down ice cream and milkshakes and just hung out for a while. it was awesome, and he got to watch me sing every single country song known to man. we went back to my place and watched the ATHF dvds that shane bought me when he was home and i worked on my 3rd scrapbook since i got most of my pictures developed. i almost got it finished too because thomas fell asleep for a pretty good while. i drove him home and then i was so dead tired that i crashed soon after. thomas rocks.

yesterday was my mom’s birthday so after i drove around getting car estimates, it was finally time for her to come home. she opened her presents and we sat and talked for a while. i decided it was time to get out of the house again so i headed over to early/byrd/kennedy/jarrod’s house and waited for byrd to get home from work. kennedy and his woman were there too so the 4 of us watched stuck on you and goofed off for a few hours. austin came over later, early got home from work, and jarrod got home from work so we had some nice long talks. all i know is i learned a lot more about all the bars/clubs/gentleman’s clubs in this city than i ever wanted to know.

i’m gonna go shower and get my stuff packed up for tonight. it’s about time i went back to boone ;)
