---
date: '2004-07-01T21:57:19+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: july-2004
tags: []
title: July 2004
---

home from boone 07.30.04 | 6:26 PM | posted by whit  
oooopsie. something happened to the computer after i left for appalachian this week and i had no away message for a good 5 days. sorry to all the people who thought i was ignoring them. i had messages from about 100 some people trying to get ahold of me and now 100 some people either think i’m stupid or a bitch. :D joy. anyway, too late now.

i just got home about an hour ago. i was in the car for what seemed like forever today…yuck. i want to shower.

orientation sucked, but i only spent about 6 hours actually doing orientation crap. i went to the 2 meetings with the academic advisor and ate lunch with our group once, and got my ID made, but that’s about it. i wandered around boone for about an hour thursday afternoon and then left with some friends for the rest of the night. i got back to the dorm and boyyy did it suck. i noticed, none of the girls in the our building even spoke or made eye contact with eachother unless they were roommates or already knew eachother. the guys, on the other hand, ALL crammed in the downstairs lobby of their building and played cards for hours. i could see them across the sidewalk from my room wishing i could socialize with people who were actually social. my roommate barely spoke and she never did say her name… she just talked about her boyfriend. i finally fell asleep last night. i have a bad habit of drinking soda close to nighttime… and then i wonder why i can’t fall asleep easily. wednesday night i slept for about 45 minutes, maybe, and then left for orientation early that morning… and was out all day thursday, and i still wasn’t sleepy. ohh well.

the past week in general was a blast. i got to hang out with a ton of friends and a ton of new friends which was great… i won’t feel awkward when i finally do move in and i will already know my way around. and now i know where to find a potato cannon when i need one. a good portion of last night was spent with some friends on top of a mountain shooting potatoes dunked in glowstick goo off the side of the mountain and through the woods.

i have lots of pictures from this past week but i don’t have time to put them up right now. i have to shower and hopefully i’ll be meeting up with grainger soon. :D

byeee!

still in boone 07.28.04 | 6:21 PM | posted by whit  
i got to boone friday night a little after 8 and i’ve been hanging out around town since then. siner and dustan and ryan were nice enough to let me stay with them for 3 nights before my orientation comes around. monday night i met brent and ashley at wal-mart right after i got to boone… and it was good to see brent again. i don’t really know ashley. i left there and met up with ryan at his place. he took me out to dinner at cafe portofino (spelling?) and it was gooood stuff. he’s a cool guy and i think i’m supposed to meet up with him later this week before i go back home. i left him at his place and drove back to siner and dustan and ryan’s apartment. it was around 10 something by the time i got back there. we watched family guy and some heathers movie and notting hill… i’ve never had a dull moment hanging out with these guys. charlie stopped by later that night and stayed for a good few hours. i don’t think i fell asleep until 4 or so. the next day a bunch of us drove to mcdonald’s for breakfast/lunch and hung out back at the apartment for a while. i spent most of the afternoon helping dustin and his roomie move out of their apartment and he and i hit up wendy’s later on with some of his friends. i met lots of people last night and i definitely will be having fun up here next year. dustin dropped me back off at siner/dustan/ryan’s apartment and apparently the guys below them were having a kegger so we all hung out there for a little while. some people we met were kind of sketchy so kerry and i didn’t stay there for very long. kerry, dustin, casey, charlie, & i went to huddle house and then watched a trippy japanese movie and family guy for the remainder of the night. i don’t think i’ve been bored the entire time i’ve been in boone… it’s great.

i woke up at 2 this afternoon, showered, and got ready to go. i drove some of us to bojangles and to the gas station and then stephen came to pick me up to show me around tech. support. i think i’ll be spending some time here in the fall :) i hope. they’ll have me hooked on quake before i know it. i’m not sure what’s in store for the rest of the night but i’m sure whatever happens, it’ll be fun.

i’m coming home friday night and hopefully grainger still plans on coming home this weekend. that bastard better come home!

anthony says hi to all.

i’ll post later this week! all the pictures will be uploaded ASAP. :D

oops 07.26.04 | 4:27 PM | posted by whit  
it’s 4:30 and i rolled out of bed only an hour ago. i suppose i should get in the shower and actually try to get something accomplished today? i have to finish writing a letter and i have to take my last disposable camera to CVS and i have to… well, that might be it. but i kinda wish i hadn’t slept until 3:30. that bites. i was supposed to go to collin’s lakehouse for a few days this week, but i don’t know if i wanna drive 2 hours east only to come home wednesday afternoon and drive 2 hours back home and then another hour to boone. that might not be fun… =\ i like my car but i don’t like to drive it that much. especially not by myself. decisions, decisions. only a couple more days and i’ll be off to orientation! thank god.

anyhow, pictures from yesterday/last night are up. nothing scarier than a drunk guy shouting, “it’s whitney! she’s purdy, single, AND 18! hey baby… i like yer overhauls and that purdy orange shirt!!!”

blah 07.24.04 | 3:15 PM | posted by whit  
so far, i have accomplished nothing today. i have to swing by an ATM sometime, i am supposed to meet ry~ry at target this evening, and i have a 7:30 movie with darryl. as of right now, i am sitting on my ass in front of the computer still wearing a towel from when i got out of the shower hours ago. my pants are in the dryer, and somehow, it’s taking them forever to dry. i hate denim. i’m thinking today is just one of those days where i want to crawl under my bedsheets and not come out for about a week or so. i feel like crap and i just wanna go to boone. make wednesday hurry up plz.

pictures from last night’s party/get-together are up in the gallery. a few people didn’t show up that definitely should have but that’s okay. there’s always next time.

[edit] grainger leaves for california in january and iraq in march. i’m going to cry. shane could be going too, but i don’t know when. damn. =\ grainger is gonna try to come home this coming weekend. thank god, ’cause i need it. [/edit]

paarrrttttyyyy 07.23.04 | 1:32 PM | posted by whit  
thomas’s house… tonight… be there! ALL OF YOU!!!!

shower time. :D

hooray for boobies! sort of… 07.22.04 | 7:26 PM | posted by whit  
tonight i’m picking up yoder and the two of us are going to hooters. now, last time he and i actually went somewhere outside of school was the end of our 11th grade year and that night we also went to hooters. could this become tradition? possibly.

tonight should be interesting. one of the last times i actually went to hooters was a total disaster, and i’m praying it doesn’t happen again. i made the mistake of going with some buddies from davie and the five of us were minding our own business when all of a sudden, a girl (yet another dropout from our highschool, this place is full of them) approached me and asked me to stand up on my stool. i had no clue what was going on, and i really didn’t want to stand up on my stool in the middle of hooters. awkward? yes… just a little. apparently when i had made a run to the ladies’ room earlier, the guys told our waitress that it was my 18th birthday that night. they forced me off my ass and hoisted me onto my stool and i was serenaded by about a dozen bouncy girls wearing nothing but those itty bitty white t-shirts and orange shorts that might as well have been thongs… and just my luck, there was a drunken bachelor party of 20-25 year olds at the table behind us. at that point, my face was the color of the ketchup on my sandwich and i was laughing uncontrollably because if i hadn’t tried to make myself laugh, i would’ve been crying hysterically, instead. finally, i was let off my stool, and i regained control of myself. to top off our joyous evening at hooters, i was then presented with an application. since it’s, you know, my 18th birthday… HA!!

needless to say, if i’m approached by any employee there asking me to stand up for a moment, i will be running out that door full speed with or without yoder. :D

anyway, i scavenged my entire bedroom and the kitchen for a pair of working batteries today. i found two AA batteries finally and now i have to put back all of the batteries i emptied from every single other working appliance i got my hands on. the two i found are in my camera and that means i finally got around to uploading pictures from the past week/weekend, whatever. pictures from dustin’s house the other night are up and so are the pictures from lake norman. i didn’t take very many at the lake, which i feel bad about since it was my first time meeting my roommate, heather, and i only got one picture of her and it chopped off half her body. i’ve learned i have horrible aim. anyway, i should’ve gotten at least one with the two of us, but i suppose we were preoccupied with the pool and the mexican dinner we had and the movies and the orange soda and the fishing and whatnot. it was a fun weekend and i know that the two of us are gonna have a blast when we move in together in august. maybe then we’ll get some more pictures.

now i must put all these batteries back and find something to do for the next hour or so before dinner plans. i suppose i’ll be filling out MORE paperwork for school. my favorite.

i’ll post tomorrow with the results of this evening’s events. *smooches*.

news news news 07.21.04 | 5:05 PM | posted by whit  
PARTY AT THOMAS’S FRIDAY NIGHT!!!! :) that is all. to all you bastards that lived in scott’s basement last summer, you better be there!!!

sorry for the lack of posts! not a whole lot has happened this week, at least not a whole lot of good. pictures from everything that’s happened lately will be up as soon as i get some batteries! :D

grrr 07.19.04 | 8:14 PM | posted by whit  
i just wanna move already. i wanna go to boone and move in and be in that kind of atmosphere where there are always people around. at least orientation is soon… i know that will be fun. i’m just ready to do something. hrm. random rant… i’ll post pictures from this weekend later on. i’m gonna find something to get into tonight.

hopefully the start of a nice weekend 07.17.04 | 1:31 PM | posted by whit  
last night i figured since i hadn’t seen a few of my buddies in a while, i’d make a trip out to advance to hang out for a while. i drove to brad’s sometime last night and it ended up being him, me, tanner, jason, brian, and kat. it was so awesome seeing all them again finally because i hadn’t seen any of them in what seemed like years. it hadn’t been a year yet but it was getting close. i miss those guys. we used to hang out every single afternoon and go to the Y allll the time together… i’m not sure what happened, but it sucks. so i was there for a pretty good while, and it made me feel a lot better just being there with them. i’ll be doing that more often, now that i remember what i’ve been missing.