---
date: '2004-07-28T18:21:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: still-in-boone
tags: []
title: 'still in boone'
---

i got to boone friday night a little after 8 and i’ve been hanging out around town since then. siner and dustan and ryan were nice enough to let me stay with them for 3 nights before my orientation comes around. monday night i met brent and ashley at wal-mart right after i got to boone… and it was good to see brent again. i don’t really know ashley. i left there and met up with ryan at his place. he took me out to dinner at cafe portofino (spelling?) and it was gooood stuff. he’s a cool guy and i think i’m supposed to meet up with him later this week before i go back home. i left him at his place and drove back to siner and dustan and ryan’s apartment. it was around 10 something by the time i got back there. we watched family guy and some heathers movie and notting hill… i’ve never had a dull moment hanging out with these guys. charlie stopped by later that night and stayed for a good few hours. i don’t think i fell asleep until 4 or so. the next day a bunch of us drove to mcdonald’s for breakfast/lunch and hung out back at the apartment for a while. i spent most of the afternoon helping dustin and his roomie move out of their apartment and he and i hit up wendy’s later on with some of his friends. i met lots of people last night and i definitely will be having fun up here next year. dustin dropped me back off at siner/dustan/ryan’s apartment and apparently the guys below them were having a kegger so we all hung out there for a little while. some people we met were kind of sketchy so kerry and i didn’t stay there for very long. kerry, dustin, casey, charlie, & i went to huddle house and then watched a trippy japanese movie and family guy for the remainder of the night. i don’t think i’ve been bored the entire time i’ve been in boone… it’s great.

i woke up at 2 this afternoon, showered, and got ready to go. i drove some of us to bojangles and to the gas station and then stephen came to pick me up to show me around tech. support. i think i’ll be spending some time here in the fall :) i hope. they’ll have me hooked on quake before i know it. i’m not sure what’s in store for the rest of the night but i’m sure whatever happens, it’ll be fun.

i’m coming home friday night and hopefully grainger still plans on coming home this weekend. that bastard better come home!

anthony says hi to all.

i’ll post later this week! all the pictures will be uploaded ASAP. :D
