---
date: '2004-04-26T23:13:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: amazing-weekend-2
tags: []
title: 'amazing weekend'
---

friday night was great hanging out with the guys again, finally. i hadn’t spent time with them in far too long. we played on the playground near their apartment and went to a pretty sweet diner somewhere around 2 AM i think. i tried to watch return of the king with them when we got back, but i couldn’t keep my eyes open any longer. by 5 AM, i was out like a light. i woke up at noon and went to burger king with iskander and quinn. shortly after, i left them and met up with jason at his place. the last time i had seen him was in the fall when i was still working, and that was much too long ago. it was good being able to sit and talk about everything. we hadn’t done that in a while, and it was nice to just relax and not have to worry about anything. we watched kill bill so i finally got to see it. everyone i know has seen it so i figured it was about time. we went to snoopy’s for dinner and then to the rugby party that night around 10:30. i met so many people there, and it was a lot of fun. it took me a while to get used to being there and feel comfortable around everyone, seeing as how i knew 3 people there to begin with. to my surprise, everyone i met was so nice, and i had a blast. we got back around 3 AM and definitely crashed within about 20 minutes. the next day seemed like it lasted forever, which was great, ’cause waking up at 11:30 AM definitely left me with a limited amount of time. i went to bojangles with jason, sat around being lazy for a while, and then i was off again to meet brent. i had not seen this kid since august 2001 and i had no clue what to expect. we went to el rodeo for dinner and just sat and talked about when we were in australia and the future and what’s been going on in the past 3 years. it was great being able to catch up on things and get back in touch. i’ve missed that boy.

so, that’s a very brief recap of my weekend. i’d go into detail, but that would take way too much time. pictures are up in the gallery. goodnight.
