---
date: '2004-02-25T20:23:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: too-much-library-time
tags: []
title: 'too much library time'
---

the past 2 days, i’ve spent my afternoon at the wake forest library. yesterday was a wicked 4 and a half hours, and today was about 3 and a half. i’m sick of books, and i’m sick of research. and the paper isn’t even due for nearly a month. but the annotated bibliography is due friday, and i want to get as much research done so i don’t get stuck researching on my spring break in orlando. i’m not ruining my nice long vacation.

i think i had the worst possible luck today. school went alright. it was boring, but it wasn’t bad. i left school and went straight home and changed clothes. i was gonna go to the library again and i was gonna bring the rest of my books with me, and i definitely left them in the house. so i turned around, came back home, and got my stuff together. i left again, and i headed for the gas station. i forgot that the gas station i decided to go to doesn’t have an ATM machine, and i definitely only had $10 on me, and i had already pumped $20.02 (yeah, the 2 cents pissed me off, too). i told the lady i’d leave my license with her while i went across the street to the ATM. thank god she was a nice old lady who let me go. so i drive over to the ATM and of course, it’s out of order. so i’m looking for another bank, and i get there, and i get $20 out, and when i pull the money out of the machine, it rips. ha. so i went back to the gas station, and i told the nice lady what happened, and she just sat there and laughed. but she did take the money and gave me my change and i was on my way. by that point, i was just starting to consider going back home and barracading myself in my room so nothing bad could happen to me. i was about to starve so i went to wendy’s and grabbed some food and i was sitting at the stoplight, and it was a right on red. there was no one coming at all, the road was completely clear… except the 5 or so people lined up behind me. and of course, i’m just sitting there waiting for the light to turn green. don’t ask why, because i don’t know what was going through my head. they started honking and i freaked out and i stomped on it, and i was finally on my way to wake forest. i had nicely hid the books that i used yesterday in a *secret* spot in the library and i was happy to find them all exactly where i had left them. nice and convenient. i think i would’ve just sat and cried if they had gotten reshelved. that library is enormous, and if someone just picked out the ones i hid out of random, it would’ve had to be a message from satan himself telling me that he hates me, and doesn’t want me to have a good day. i sat for a few hours and took more notes and got copies of everything i needed, and then i went and sat in another room and finished calculus homework. josh showed up and said hey to me, and i hadn’t seen him in ages, so it was fun. i miss that kid. he was one of my physics buddies last year. it was good seeing him again. i finished up homework, and i got home just a few minutes ago.

now i have to finish english homework and work on the last of my chemistry. i think senior year is gonna turn me antisocial. only 88 more days. i think i can make it.

i’m done ranting for now. goodnight.
