---
date: '2004-07-22T19:26:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: hooray-for-boobies-sort-of
tags: []
title: 'hooray for boobies! sort of…'
---

tonight i’m picking up yoder and the two of us are going to hooters. now, last time he and i actually went somewhere outside of school was the end of our 11th grade year and that night we also went to hooters. could this become tradition? possibly.

tonight should be interesting. one of the last times i actually went to hooters was a total disaster, and i’m praying it doesn’t happen again. i made the mistake of going with some buddies from davie and the five of us were minding our own business when all of a sudden, a girl (yet another dropout from our highschool, this place is full of them) approached me and asked me to stand up on my stool. i had no clue what was going on, and i really didn’t want to stand up on my stool in the middle of hooters. awkward? yes… just a little. apparently when i had made a run to the ladies’ room earlier, the guys told our waitress that it was my 18th birthday that night. they forced me off my ass and hoisted me onto my stool and i was serenaded by about a dozen bouncy girls wearing nothing but those itty bitty white t-shirts and orange shorts that might as well have been thongs… and just my luck, there was a drunken bachelor party of 20-25 year olds at the table behind us. at that point, my face was the color of the ketchup on my sandwich and i was laughing uncontrollably because if i hadn’t tried to make myself laugh, i would’ve been crying hysterically, instead. finally, i was let off my stool, and i regained control of myself. to top off our joyous evening at hooters, i was then presented with an application. since it’s, you know, my 18th birthday… HA!!

needless to say, if i’m approached by any employee there asking me to stand up for a moment, i will be running out that door full speed with or without yoder. :D

anyway, i scavenged my entire bedroom and the kitchen for a pair of working batteries today. i found two AA batteries finally and now i have to put back all of the batteries i emptied from every single other working appliance i got my hands on. the two i found are in my camera and that means i finally got around to uploading pictures from the past week/weekend, whatever. pictures from dustin’s house the other night are up and so are the pictures from lake norman. i didn’t take very many at the lake, which i feel bad about since it was my first time meeting my roommate, heather, and i only got one picture of her and it chopped off half her body. i’ve learned i have horrible aim. anyway, i should’ve gotten at least one with the two of us, but i suppose we were preoccupied with the pool and the mexican dinner we had and the movies and the orange soda and the fishing and whatnot. it was a fun weekend and i know that the two of us are gonna have a blast when we move in together in august. maybe then we’ll get some more pictures.

now i must put all these batteries back and find something to do for the next hour or so before dinner plans. i suppose i’ll be filling out MORE paperwork for school. my favorite.

i’ll post tomorrow with the results of this evening’s events. *smooches*.
