---
date: '2004-10-27T04:29:46+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: bored-out-of-my-mind
tags: []
title: bored out of my mind
---

my roommate goes to bed so freaking early. i came back around 10:30 tonight and she was already asleep. i don’t know how people do that around here. i don’t understand. :crazy:

anyway, today was a very long day. i woke up early to go to my advising appointment at 10:30 which was helpful yet irritating because i’m having a hard time deciding on what to take. i know what i need to get out of the way, but that means taking history and a science class (neither of which i enjoy) so i’m screwed, pretty much. get over it, i know, i know. barf.

i’m feeling a lot better. thanks for all the comments/e-mails/IMs from everyone… THE PILLS ARE WORKING THEIR MAGIC! :biggrin: they’re also keeping me awake. i want to go to sleep but i’m wired.

the rest of this week should be really freaking awesome. thursday is queensryche w/anthony & james… i mean, come on. it WILL rock. friday is [GLASS CASKET](http://glasscasket.com) at the house of 828 so everyone in the area needs to head 421 towards tennessee until you hear the party out thataway. :wink: it’ll be a good one. it always is. saturday is the halloween party/bonfire/mayhem at thomas’s and it will be fun as hell as always. i get to be with all my buddies back home. finally, sunday…HALLOWEEN! i’m not sure if anything will be going on around this place because i know the irritating ASU/boone police will be having their fun busting every other dorm/apt/house in the town… BUT, i will find some fun for myself to get into. it’s halloween… you can’t just sit and do nothing on halloween. not allowed.

oh, and i’ve come to the conclusion that i suck at life. i live in boone and i can’t make a hemp necklace to save my life. daniel taught me how to make them tonight so i did that while he studied for biology. i sat there for over an hour in pure silence weaving my little heart out *EXACTLY* how the directions said to do it and i made a WHOLE necklace and if it hadn’t been like 8 inches too long to fit around my neck it still would have sucked because it just looked like i tied a bunch of shitty knots like a 3 year old does to a shoelace. i felt horrible and wanted to destroy the evidence of my lack of skills so i took to it with the scissors and now i feel much better. :cool: oh yes, i’ll just get him to make one that actually looks good. i really need to go to bed.