---
date: '2004-07-30T18:26:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: home-from-boone
tags: []
title: 'home from boone'
---

oooopsie. something happened to the computer after i left for appalachian this week and i had no away message for a good 5 days. sorry to all the people who thought i was ignoring them. i had messages from about 100 some people trying to get ahold of me and now 100 some people either think i’m stupid or a bitch. :D joy. anyway, too late now.

i just got home about an hour ago. i was in the car for what seemed like forever today…yuck. i want to shower.

orientation sucked, but i only spent about 6 hours actually doing orientation crap. i went to the 2 meetings with the academic advisor and ate lunch with our group once, and got my ID made, but that’s about it. i wandered around boone for about an hour thursday afternoon and then left with some friends for the rest of the night. i got back to the dorm and boyyy did it suck. i noticed, none of the girls in the our building even spoke or made eye contact with eachother unless they were roommates or already knew eachother. the guys, on the other hand, ALL crammed in the downstairs lobby of their building and played cards for hours. i could see them across the sidewalk from my room wishing i could socialize with people who were actually social. my roommate barely spoke and she never did say her name… she just talked about her boyfriend. i finally fell asleep last night. i have a bad habit of drinking soda close to nighttime… and then i wonder why i can’t fall asleep easily. wednesday night i slept for about 45 minutes, maybe, and then left for orientation early that morning… and was out all day thursday, and i still wasn’t sleepy. ohh well.

the past week in general was a blast. i got to hang out with a ton of friends and a ton of new friends which was great… i won’t feel awkward when i finally do move in and i will already know my way around. and now i know where to find a potato cannon when i need one. a good portion of last night was spent with some friends on top of a mountain shooting potatoes dunked in glowstick goo off the side of the mountain and through the woods.

i have lots of pictures from this past week but i don’t have time to put them up right now. i have to shower and hopefully i’ll be meeting up with grainger soon. :D

byeee!
