---
date: '2004-02-29T16:33:00+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: what-a-weekend-2
tags: []
title: 'what a weekend'
---

man, i had an awesome weekend. i got to hang out with brent and ben and pat and brad and doug and corie and i hadn’t done that in SO long. it was great, and i needed it. i miss those guys like crazy and it was good seeing them all again, and at the same time. we were missing a few people, but that’s ok. maybe some other time.

kirby, eric, and lauren took me skiing friday night for the first time in my life and i loooved it. i thought i was gonna die when i looked at that mountain, but once i got going i didn’t want to stop. and even falling and flipping down the side of a mountain was fun. ’twas a success and i didn’t even get cold. somehow my ski bib got unzipped and i got snow all down my pants, ha. that was fun. shane called twice while i was skiing and the second time he called i just purposely wiped out flat on my ass in the middle of the slope and tried to answer the phone, but i got my ski stuck straight upwards in the snow and couldn’t turn over to get my phone out and take my mittens off quickly enough. at least i tried. i got to talk to him later that night though. the four of us went to mel’s diner after skiing and had sundaes and all that good stuff. there are lots of pictures from that night.

we walked all over downtown on king street on saturday afternoon and went to all the cool stores and ate lunch. i’m gonna have fun there next year.. it’s gonna be great. we went to the big candy store and i’m surprised i didn’t buy anything. i think it’s ’cause we went after we ate lunch and i wasn’t hungry anymore… that’s probably a good thing we went afterwards. we headed back to the dorms afterwards and just hung out for a while. kirby left and i went to eat with lauren and eric and brian at macado’s for dinner. we didn’t have to wait very long and my dinner was pretty good. i ran into david while i was there and i met up with him this morning after i woke up. he’s a good guy. lauren and i went to visit brent and brad and ben after dinner and we hung out there for a while. i took her back to her dorm and she went and watched movies with eric and brian and i went back to hang out with brent and ben and brad and everyone else. i was so tired, but it was a good night. i met some really nice people and ended up in some random dorm room watching once upon a time in mexico with a few people that i didn’t really know. but i guess i do now. i crashed in brent and ben’s room and woke up around 10 this morning.

i finally succeeded in waking brent up so he and i and ben went to backyard burger and ate lunch. i decided it was time to drive home since i didn’t want to get stuck in any traffic or end up driving as it got darker. i made it home in about an hour and 15 minutes, which was much better compared to my trip up there. i got stuck driving through downtown wilkesboro on the way there and it added about 45 minutes to my drive. yuck.

so i’m back home, and my room is finally cleaned, and i’ve put up MORE “memorabilia” on my walls after this weekend. i’m running out of room… :( i’ll figure something out eventually.

i’m debating on whether or not i want to do chemistry homework now. i don’t really feel like it. i keep looking at this weekends pictures. they’re up in the gallery now.
