---
date: '2005-12-12T15:53:06+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: asu-is-going-to-nationals
tags: []
title: ASU IS GOING TO NATIONALS!
---

so we beat furman on saturday which means… ASU will be playing in chattanooga this weekend against northern iowa and we are gonna DESTROY them ’cause it’s been a while since we made it this far. adam sandler can eat his words because appalachian is comin’ back… i think i might go to the game, too. pretty exciting!

this weekend was absolutely awesome. friday night i stayed over at highland’s with everyone. we played asshole and some other drinking game and watched TV and got rowdy and ohhh man it was a great night. i love my friends. i drove james to get me a 6 pack of budweiser before i went over to their apartment and let’s just say that 6 pack got gone. will drank one of them ’cause i didn’t want to get sick, so 2 of them got funneled and the rest got downed in drinking games and other than that, i don’t THINK i drank anything else but the end of the night is a little foggy. i do remember carrie and brittany trying to teach me to crypt walk (i looked like a damned moron) and that was fun. i drunk dialed adam (sorrryyy :biggrin:) and i think he’s the only person. i woke up feeling groggy, my throat was scratchy and my voice sounded funny so i slept it off (meaning i slept ’til 4 PM) and felt fine.

ry~ry and katie and everyone from church went to applebee’s so i joined them all and i think they gave me like 12 french fries. i was pissed. our waitress was so weird. anyhow, it was nice seeing all them again. :smile:

i drove home and no one was really partying yet and i was bored and adam and i were talking online so we got the bright idea that i should go to fort bragg for the night. seeing as how there was nothing on my agenda for the evening, i did! and it was great. i didn’t get lost this time cause i took 421 practically all the way and then 87 got me right to the gates. we drank a few yuenglings, popped popcorn, and watched LOTR all night. i got to see scott again too and got a very *brief* tour of base, haha, in the dark. oh well. it was fun and well worth the 400 miles. we also watched legends of the fall, although depressing, it was a really good movie. geeez i can’t wait til christmas break when i get to see everyone at once. this is gonna be so much fun.

i stayed at home last night in winston instead of driving all the way to boone. mom got me pizza hut and i studied some and watched the family guy movie and went to bed around 11. i had to wake up bright and early at 6:30 to make sure i got to my econ. exam this morning at 9. i got there at 9:05 (i even parked on king st. knowing that i’d probably get another ticket) ’cause i was in a hurry and it was snowing and cold and i was not in the proper attire at ALL. i finished my exam in 40 minutes (new record, i hope it’s a good sign) and left.

now i’m at my apartment and i desperately want some mashed taters so. so… i think i’m gonna bundle up and make a wal-mart run for some decongestants and milk. and orange juice, that stuff works wonders. maybe even hot cocoa… :biggrin: