---
date: '2006-01-11T01:20:51+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: soo-sleepy
tags: []
title: Soo Sleepy
---

i am so tired and i can barely keep my eyes open. it’s only 8 PM. what the crap is that about?

my classes went well so far. i’ve only got 4 sit down ones, my 5th is snowboarding and that’s only on tuesdays. it’s not so bad at all. 2 of my professors are ones i had last year and they were really good so i took them again for the next level course. the other 2 seem to be nice so far, but we’ll see when we actually get down to learnin. :cool: i don’t have any classes before 11 so i am hoping like hell that i don’t sleep through any this semester. if i do, then that’s very sad. i get to have lunch with ry~ry and katie on MWF still, which is awesome. i still have to figure out my work schedule, and i think that’s the only thing left for me to do this week. i went to the snowboard/ski meeting @ holmes at 6 tonight and it took so damn long and i wanted to shoot myself. i stood in line for 10-15 minutes to get INTO the building but then we had to sit through the “orientation” which i didn’t even need to hear because i went last spring but ended up getting shoved through the crowd to it anyway, and then had to wait in line for a really, REALLY long time to pay and get my card. such a pain in the ass. it took over an hour and a half for me and there were still people there when i left. i’m glad that’s over with. i also have to get books but the book line this afternoon around 5 was wrapped like a maze throughout the bookstore longer than i have ever seen it before so rob, matt, leander, and i definitely got out of there quickly. there’s no way we were about to stand in there. it was hotter than hell with that many kids!

i don’t think i’m going to be doing much of anything tonight, it seems. i have 0 energy and i just feel like passing out. i only slept for 3-4 hours sunday night and 4-5 last night, so i feel like a zombie.

i’m gonna finish eating dinner and probably watch aqua teen. adam bought me the second season on DVD for christmas… :biggrin: he is my hero.