---
date: '2007-10-31T21:23:31+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: i-finally-installed-wordpress
tags: []
title: I Finally Installed WordPress
---

yeah… i gave in. i had always been gung ho about managing my own stuff because i’m pretty OCD about how my code looks. it might not be “pretty” but it has to look a certain way in order for me to not twitch. anywho, i sucked it up and did it. plus, i can incorporate a lot of other things on here now and i finally have an RSS feed. web 2.0 is such a hassle! kidding.

i can play with lots of sweet widgets and plug-ins now. if you didn’t notice, i made a flickr account for all the random photos i take that i have nowhere to put because i’m too anal to make a gallery for just 1 or 2 photos anymore. maybe i’ll start doing a daily photo thing. we’ll see. my camera has been acting funny since this weekend so i might have to bite the bullet and use any money i get for christmas to buy a new camera. that thing goes through hell because it literally goes everywhere with me. if i get a really nice one, i might be more inclined to take care of it better. i’m also tossing around the idea of getting a digital video camera. i asked for one for christmas and that’s all i asked for. well, other than chocolate.

in other news, it’s halloween and i’m inside laying in bed. i came home from class and i’ve been in bed ever since. i’ve been in a really strange mood today. my dad finally called me back and gave me some horrible news that only added to that mood.

my great grandmother, [nanny maxine](http://75.177.42.39/pictures/trips/maine99/images/m06.jpg "me, nanny maxine, and my dad - summer 1999"), passed away today and i had a pretty rough cry after hearing that. the entire reason i wanted to go to maine while adam and i were already up in new england was so i could introduce him to her because i wasn’t sure how much time i would have before it was too late. she’s one of my favorite people and i can’t believe she’s gone. i hope she knows how much i admired her, and how much i loved spending time up there, even if it was *very* sporadic. maine will never be the same. she was really sick and this one’s gonna be tough to deal with, but i know she’s not in pain anymore. she’s happy now. rest in peace, nanny. i love you!