---
date: '2007-07-03T06:12:34+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: under-the-tuscan-sun
tags: []
title: under the tuscan sun
---

i love this movie so much. every time i get in a strange mood, i watch it, and i just get completely lost. there are so many quotes in there that i feel like have changed me in some way over the years. the reason i ever watched it was because my mom wanted me to see it after a pretty bad break-up my freshman year in college. she hit the nail right on the head.

> No matter what, always keep your childish innocence. It’s the most important thing.
>
> How are you ever going to be happy if you keep wallowing? Listen, when I was a little girl, I used to spend hours looking for ladybugs. Finally, I’d just give up and fall asleep in the grass. When I woke up, they were crawling all over me.
>
> Unthinkably good things can happen, even late in the game. It’s such a surprise.

adam should only have 1-2 days left after today. he was supposed to be going to the airport today (yesterday in his time) in baghdad and he said he’ll call when he gets to kuwait. hopefully by then, he’ll have some estimate of when and where he’ll be flying in. last we spoke, he had no clue about anything.

and now, i’m going to get back to my movie. my windows are open because i *hate* running the A/C when it’s nice outside. not to mention, it costs money. the neighbors don’t like to use their bathroom facilities–they prefer the Pee Off The Porch method. boys. i swear. so if i even so much as glance out the window, at any given moment, chances are that 1 out of the 20 of them is taking a leak off the porch and they forget that our ENTIRE building could be staring at them in all their glory. thank god the TV drowns out the sound. it doesn’t drown out the drunken hollerin’ though. good god almighty, they are loud if i didn’t have to get up early, i’d be right out there with them and my bottle of whiskey. unfortunately, it’s back to school in the AM.