---
date: '2008-04-27T17:29:49+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: why-the-us-has-gone-broke
tags: []
title: '"Why The U.S. Has Gone Broke"'
---

[this article](http://alternet.org/story/83555/?page=entire) is one of the many i’ve been reading lately that scares the shit out of me. i remember joking with friends when we were little about how we wanted to move to another country, like australia or something. now it’s sounding less like a joke and more like reality. i don’t really want to be here when the shit hits the fan more so than it already has. i really want to get the book the authors mentioned–*Nemisis: The Last Days of the American Republic*. not having read about it yet, it makes me wonder if it is something along the lines of comparing the fall of Rome to the potential crumbling of the U.S. it wouldn’t surprise me.

> Some of the damage can never be rectified. There are, however, some steps that the U.S. urgently needs to take. These include reversing Bush’s 2001 and 2003 tax cuts for the wealthy, beginning to liquidate our global empire of over 800 military bases, cutting from the defense budget all projects that bear no relationship to national security and ceasing to use the defense budget as a Keynesian jobs program.
>
> If we do these things we have a chance of squeaking by. If we don’t, we face probable national insolvency and a long depression.

the part at the end is kind of what i was hoping to read–if there is any way to reverse some of the damage that has been done. i’ve never been a political person or at all involved in taking sides, but i know i’m certainly voting for obama. maybe we can take a turn for the better… baby steps you could say.

i’m also glad that when i get out of college and get a job in the real world that it will be in a steadily growing industry. that gives me some hope that i won’t end up completely screwed in the long run. although, if that plan fails, i’m going to plan B and becoming a prison guard, or buying land to hold cemeteries. or opening a hot dog stand. almost everyone likes hot dogs, right??

i hate you, mr. president. i hope you enjoy that name while it lasts, you greedy piece of garbage.