---
date: '2009-05-08T18:51:16+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: im-graduating
tags: []
title: I'm Graduating?
---

for the past 3 or 4 hours, i’ve been in my room duct taping boxes and packing up my room. or trying to, anyway. :mad: i was doing alright for a while and i started packing up pictures and just lost it. the last few months have been so weird for me that it doesn’t even seem real.

adam and i have had a ridiculously screwed up last few months. i’ve successfully drowned myself in web development projects (lucrative, but very stressful). i’ve become obsessed with the project i’ve been working on all semester ([jorp](http://jorp.sourceforge.net)). for most of the semester i was obsessed with my research paper that i just found out i’ll be continuing over the next few months on top of the website deals i just made. being president of AITP this semester was a hell of an experience. las vegas. oklahoma. EVERYTHING has been a big deal this semester. everything.

i’ve been having the time of my life with some of the best friends i’ve ever had in my life and at the same time i’ve been trying to prepare myself for when i move next week and won’t see them every day, and some of them (i hate to say this) i might not even see again. :( i am going to miss my CIS/AITP family more than anything… and even my professors who have become like a second set of parents.

i’ve been trying to fathom what it will be like not living in boone anymore, not seeing mountaintops and sunsets and sunrises from my living room window, not living in the high country in a town where being weird is totally the norm. the last 5 years (although they’ve been a bit hectic at times) have truly been incredible.

i know i’ll come back to boone and visit, but it’s hard to imagine anything can compare to the life i’ve lived since 2004.

charleston, here i come. new career, here i come. new apartment, here i come. as of tomorrow at 4:30 PM, i will be a college graduate. then i have 22 days until my new job starts and i will officially have started a new chapter in my life. this better be good. :drunk: