---
date: '2009-10-15T16:04:13+00:00'
favorite: false
feature_image: ''
format: markdown
slug: things-to-do
tags: []
title: Things To Do
---

this morning, i got to thinking about how much my life has turned upside down in the last 5 months. and then i realized, it’s about to change all over again. i don’t know what i’ll be doing 5 months from now. hopefully i will still be happily employed here in charleston, but will i be on the same project? around the same people? what’s going to happen?

brett is more than likely moving in with me down here after graduation (january?). depending on the job situation, he may or may not get sent away for 3-4 months after getting here. depending on that, and my ability to save money, and my ability to acquire more website clients, once my lease runs out on my apartment, the chances of us buying a house are pretty damn good. o\_0 2 friends of mine just bought one right near where i work and they got a more than reasonable deal out of it.

this is all based on a *lot* of very *big* maybes. but they’re definitely all leaning in those directions. and that’s kind of scary. a HOUSE? really? i know it’s the next logical step, but that is just bizarre. i don’t think someone like me should be allowed to get a house. i’m a tiny little person. who has a huge tendency to break things. and forget things. and do stupid things. and it just seems like too huge of a responsibility for me to have. i feel like i should still be in college, and lately i’ve had to remind myself that for the first time in my life i’m finally on my own. and not in college. i’ve had a lot of support from my family, yes, but i am now 100% financially independent and i’m in the real world now. and a house really is the next thing on my list of things to do.

along with buying a new computer. and a new vacuum. yes, dad, the new one you bought me broke. it blew up all over my living room and started sucking up parts of itself. see? this is why i shouldn’t be allowed to even have the OPTION to buy a house.

this is ridiculous. i need a drink. :depressed: